'In the infinite run, how much you trust somebody is proportional to how willing you are to be killed by the person.' -Anorfithiel Vilo

Intelligence Theories by Elisvais Lain (2016)

Long ago, there was a famous thief named Theodore, rumored to be able to steal any artifact. Many were his exploits and feats of bravery; he stole from the rich and gave to the poor.

At one time, while enjoying himself in a tavern he heard about the mystical White Egg, in the local lord's treasury. Theodore's funds were running low somewhat, so he picked up his trusty lockpicks, put on his Cloak of Shadows, hooked on his trusty rope'n hook and got to work quickly. He surveyed the castle from the outside and the surrounding area, and as he did so he happened upon a steep ravine over which no bridge was built. Looking beyond hundred meter ravine the with his razor sharp blue eyes, he spotted a slight indentation into the ground, and giving his octopus hook a few swings he tossed it over the forty meter long ravine onto the other side.

He gave a few hard pulls to make sure that that rope was fastened tight and that it would be able to hold his weight. Satisfied, he tied it around a boulder on his own side.

An expert acrobat, he agilely crossed over the tightrope a few times back and forth, not scared in the least about falling down the hundred meter tall ravine to splatter on the rocks below.

His escape route secured, he donned his Cloak of Shadows, went into the castle easily slipping past the guards who could not discern his magically invisible form and using his unbreakable magical lock picks, managed to break in into the treasury.

Standing raised on a pedestal was the brilliant jewel White Egg, thrice the size of his fist shinning radiantly with a myriad of colors glinting off its crystalline surface. He stowed it away under his cloak and as soon as the alarm rang out, he made a dash for it.

Chased by the hounds who could track him by scent and the lord's most elite guards some of whom were slinging arrows in his direction, he made a beeline for the escape route as fast as his legs could carry him.

Immediately, he leapt on the rope and started crossing over as arrows rained behind him. He bottled his fear inside of him and with quick agile steps made to cross the chasm.

An arrow whizzed past an inch from his face and his form wavered just a little, as the fear became uncorked like a bottled hurricane, but he pushed it down and made a few more steps.

Another arrow whizzed past his face, this time close enough to draw just a tiny bit of blood. His legs now shaking, instead of doing what he should he looked down. Suddenly, he was very much self conscious and aware how high up in the air he was, and how hard and jagged the rocks were down below, and unable to stop himself the world started spinning!

With a scream, he slipped off the rope and to his death on the rocks below.

I guess he should have controlled his emotions better.

Does this story have anything to with intelligence? It does somewhat. Since this is a fictional story it would be easy to imagine an alternate world where Theodore did not succumb to fear and crossed the ravine safely like a true hero, instead of a coward that feel to his doom.

Wouldn't you say that the Theodore who managed to escape safely is a better person than the Theodore who died? I would, but was it really Theodore the Coward's fault that he could not control his fear?

Imagine that you have developed a complication and the doctor, after taking the x-ray promptly sends you into surgery.

You lay on the table, the good doctors give you the anesthesia and a few weeks later, you are a good as new. As you think back on that experience years later, you do not have a gnawing sense of inferiority because you had to resort to anesthesia to ward off the pain. Perhaps you should have.

If you think about it rationally, isn't being in pain while undergoing surgery a completely inappropriate impulse in that situation? If you had the ability to turn it on and off like a switch, you would definitely use it in such a scenario. In a world where anesthetics did not exist you would be very glad to have such a power!

Generally, you would not consider yourself superior to ordinary people for possessing such ability, but if someone took an ordinary person off the street and yourself and sent them to the torture room, your marked superiority would be clear right away. You have the power of Pain Control. Too bad Theodore did not have the power of Fear Control.

In modern life, physical strength does not matter unless you are an athlete. If you are skinny you might not even care about others being stronger than you. But if you were suddenly put in a situation where you need to fight, you would very much appreciate every point of muscle you have over your opponent. If the fight turns really serious, having a gun on your person would be a great aid.

If you go into a dark alley and on the other side a thug with a knife emerges, you are very much superior to him if you have a gun on your person. If you deny this way of looking at things, then you are in essence saying that whether you are robbed or not does not matter.

Have you ever been bored during school? If you have then that is the proof that you are a moron. It is the same as the inappropriate impulse of pain under torture, the same as the fear that sent Theodore hurling into the ravine to his death. If I went to a class and random and with a brain imaging device read out the students' enjoyment levels while they were immersed (or not) in the lectures I would probably get a pretty good guess of what their grades were. Feelings are rational only for the environment they have been optimized for.

It is not hard to accept that those who enjoy math for example will be better at it than those who don't. What might be difficult to grasp is the magnitude of the difference when someone just enjoys the subject for its own sake and when one is force do plow through it for the sake of grades. For myself, I would conservatively guess that a particular activity being immersive gives me a 60 IQ point edge over it being dull. And when humans think that they are in the zone, they never really truly are. They are not even close to what would be possible if the true potential of their minds would be unleashed, had they been capable of doing optimal training.

Having an innate desire for math does not make one superior or inferior until it is time for math class. Then that superiority comes into start contrast with the others. Some people would call people with such an innate enjoyment of a particular subject talented or hard working or conscientious.

A common complaint of IQ tests is that they leave out the emotional aspects. They do not. The emotional aspects are literally the only things they measure.

Things such as raw cognitive capacity do not exist in humans as is commonly depicted. There is a very interesting theory in neuroscience and AI that the brain has only a single learning algorithm. It is possible to rewire the sensory sections of animal brains to different areas and have the animals adapt perfectly, learning to see with their auditory cortex and hear with their visual cortex for example. And currently, machine learning algorithms have been proven capable of imitating the low-level feature detection as it happens in the visual and auditory cortices in humans. It is only a matter of time until neuromorphic hardware development becomes efficient enough to emulate the brain in whole.

Sexual arousal, pain, and hunger are unconnected to that basic learning algorithm. People do not learn to be in pain, just as they do not learn to dislike hunger. Rather, the learning algorithm forms the patterns and the desires built into living beings by nature tell the brain to move as soon as the brain detects the pattern.

Social behaviors are also unconnected to the learning algorithm, and to connect to the original examples, liking math, disliking pain or becoming fearful at the worst possible moment has also nothing to do with learning, but so much with life outcomes.

Pick out a book at random and read the first page quickly and then close it. Try to remember and write down everything that you have read. Unless you are a genius, you won't be able to remember much. Maybe you won't remember even a thing if it was a hard science book and you interests lie elsewhere.

But even a stupid person would notice after opening the book again that he already read the passages. Something did go into the brain, but why won't it go out? Because the innate desires are insufficiently good at connecting the fundamental patterns to words and behaviors. They do not do good enough training in that particular situation. Whenever a person does something he does not wish to do the conflicting desires act as brakes on performance, souring it.

IQ tests are culturally biased. How could they be not when what they really do is measure desire?

After Einstein's death they had opened up his brain and found that he had 15% more neurons than the average person. A pittance. The difference between a 3Ghz and a 3.45Ghz processor is not that big. The difference between him and the ordinary person was how his desires shaped him to see the world; they allowed him to train himself beyond ordinary limits in that particular area.

It is not that an ordinary person could not match Einstein in physics; despite how it looked like in youth, the fatal flaw of the ordinary person is that he could never convince himself to be truly interested in it in the first place. While Einstein was pouring his being into studying reality at the base level, ordinary people were cramming trying to pass the physics test. Two entirely different motivations.

IQ is crass. Those who broach the subject are careful to note that all must be judged as individuals and that 80 IQ groups are not inferior to 100 IQ groups, but it looks to me that determining superiority or inferiority is pretty straightforward. It is practically implied just by the numbers. 100 > 80.

Is a 140 IQ person superior to a 90 IQ person? You should have the answer to that by now.

A person with an IQ of 90 is like a patient under surgery without anesthesia.

He is the coward falling into the chasm below. He is the guy in the dark alley without the gun and the knife under his throat, and the skinny guy who is getting beat by the jock for looking at him wrong.

And he is the person shivering in fear under the harsh sun of the oncoming Singularity, too afraid to look up and face it. He cannot do, as he should.

The numbers are right; even though intelligence is based on desire, even if the numbers have nothing in common with linear activities as weight lifting, 150 really is better than 100 as far as intelligence is concerned. In this world there are people smarter than me, richer than me, stronger, faster, healthier and more beautiful than me. There are also people happier than me. And that happiness will make a significant difference in their life's success.

It is unfair and unjust, but I can accept that. I can accept being unlucky or being worse than others. What I cannot accept is not being able to change. And even if in nothing else, this is the one thing that we are all equal in. None of us can control our desires, our impulses and by extension, our destinies. We all lack capacity to truly better ourselves and this is a sick twisted irony that I cannot accept.

If not being able to improve is equality then I will destroy this world and force all the people into slavery.

Humanity is like a person wandering through a dark cavern, always feeling out the floor with his hands before making a single step forward, always afraid that he might fall into the one of the numerous holes in the ground.

Just what good is such a life compared to the bright, radiant light of the Transcendi?

---

The admiral of the fleet, the multi-tentacled controller being that was the core of the Maw's Molar was at attention as always, submerged in cooling fluids inside the command room. From the inside, he bore a striking similarity to a neuron as pulses streamed up and down his hundredfold white appendages, and the ship seemed alive as the tubes going through the walls throbbed rhythmically like veins, the fluids inside them pushed by the heart super organ at the center.

His oversized eyes glowed bluish in the darkness as he surveyed the world's destruction.

For a few moments as the planet came awake, he suspected that a terrible retribution would befall them, but pathetically it turned out to be a fart. Whatever entity was still alive down there could only hurl rubble and dirt at them. How pathetic.

He would have dearly liked to have completely vaporized the planet, but sadly the fleet had already spent all of its singularity inductors and the quantum cells were depleted during the bombardment.

Had he been paying closer attention to the hull of the molar, he would have noticed that some of pebbles had become glued to it. Unbeknownst to him, the sticky pebbles melded into the cold metal as if passing through the pores of the metallic skin into the body proper.

Brilliant and horrifying beyond imagination, instead striking back in anger using weapons of mass destruction, Armatia had done the worst thing possible for the Walsanirs. She shrunk the core a thousand times, expanded it into a nanotechnological weapon and launched it into space, masquerading it as rubble.

By hurling quadrillions of her own selves into the endless void of space for every single one that hit, Armatia infiltrated and infested the 4,318,456th fleet completely.

In his comfortable mind womb, the commander was completely unaware as Armatia's essence started to flow through the ship's arteries, as she started to infest the bodies of the thousands workers and as it infiltrated his own being.

He blinked a few times trying to clear his thoughts that were becoming cloudy, but no matter how hard he tried, his mind could not focus. Beside him Armatia's deathly gray specter manifested and with her hands that were more slender than knives, she chiseled his mind away until nothing remained of him.

For a moment, his form twisted and churned, and its body changed to that of the feminine gray covered form of Armatia. Carried aloft in the fluid by the hundred of protrusions sprouting through her back, Armatia crossed her legs as if she was on an invisible chair, leaned her cheek on her fist and with her jade eyes glowing in the darkness, grinned with the satisfaction of victory.

[Maw's Molar, report your status.] The voice of the overlord came to her telepathically.

[Mission failed. The presence is still buried deep within Terra and our reserves of singularity inductors and quantum batteries are spent. Strongly recommend not making ground fall again. Requesting permission to reload and refuel and also requesting that Mars base begin mass-producing singularity inductors. Strongly suggest to write Terra off completely.] Armatia communicated back.

[Acknowledged. 4,318,456th return home.] The grin that she had just a while ago, returned full force. Making full use of her authority as the commander, she propagated the order to return.

Above the barren brown wasteland of Terra, the teethlike ships of the fleet, warped and their visages disappeared into the abyss, leaving the planet below forgotten for a time.

As Armatia's other selves left Earth to teach the Walsanirs what true horror was, deep within the cavernous depths of the world, the one that was left put aside her hatred and rage and decided to resume the Game.

Torment (Nightmare mode) Level Two - The Trials of Endwarnys...

Rank: Transcendi.
Title: Transcendental Horror.

Universal Brain Core (4EB per mind)
Necromutation -> Split Soul Method (Armatia, Arle, Arcueid) -> Mind As The Swarm
Desire Modification -> Inspired Will
                    -> Transcendental Training
                    -> Mundane Matter Control

---

3530 L.E. (Last Era)

'It has been said that in the Underworld an artifact of legendary power, the Orb of Zot resides, but no one has ever returned alive from that quest...'

During a dry, cloudy spring day, Beethoven felt the wind brushing against his face and remembered the ghostly echo of the bells toiling in the distance, and he could feel the visage of his mother's coffin being lowered into the ground in front of him.

He pushed the deep sadness and the urge to cry inside of himself, and when he looked down on the grave, there was only cold marble gravestone, with his mother's countenance chiseled into the stone, below the uprivix of the Elyvilon.

Ilinsea Galsanmour (3498-3525)

One day she was fine and then the coughs came, and she became bedridden promising that she would get up after a little bit of rest. The fever that went through her body spared him, his father and grandmother, but before the month was over a quarter of the servants under their employ had perished. And beyond...he put the thoughts of the dark days aside, leaned down and placed bouquet of flowers on the grave and said his prayers.

"May Elyvilon guide your soul. Glory to the Trinity."

"Glory to the Trinity." His personal maid, Hirelse, a long walnut haired girl with camel brown, nearly golden eyes, standing by his side finished her own prayer. As she was dedicated solely to his needs, her maid's black and white dress was made out of finest wool, and expertly woven by the finest artisan his father Chiron could hire.

"Hirelse, did you hear from father?"

"No, lord. Master Chiras is still on business in the west, near Riondir and no letter has arrived I am afraid."

"It is too bad." He had arrived from the academy just earlier, but it was saddening that his father could not be here to welcome him. He usually found an excuse to not visit mother's grave during the anniversary. Sighing wearily, he inquired about grandma.

"Hire, how is gran gran?" Hirelse looked at him askance and did a little circle with the finger next to her temple.

"A bit batty, my lord. I saw her talking to late grandpa, when I entered to call her for lunch. Just sat there on the bed, and waved me away, telling me not to interrupt her." Her pretty face turned to a frown as she recounted the story and her brows were upturned in concern.

"It is fine." What was fine exactly, a part of him wondered. "I am starving."

It was not fine that his grandma was insane. But his father had gone too far today. The next time he saw him, he would definitely drag him to the graveyard and force him to pay his proper respects and repent for his childish behavior.

With his maid in tow, Beethoven went down the long road from the hill into the city beyond.

---

"AAAAAAAAAA!!!" Rings of blades striking against each other rang out throughout the forest. Screams of men and even women rang out as the two armies met and clashed against each other sword meeting other sword and spears meeting flesh. An incredible desperation marred the people of both sides and they knew it in their hearts and showed it in their eyes that if they did not win that day they would not live to eat tomorrow.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! Michael, no!!!" Seeing his best friend since childhood impacted by a thrown spear through the chest, the burly bearded man named Wilder dressed in tunics bravely gripped his spear and charged forward into the enemy lines without hesitation with tears steaming down his face.

Coming into range, he stabbed the iron tip on the pole in his hand forward and caught one of the curs, which have slain Michael. As the enemies hesitated for a moment, his comrades from the village impacted into the lines by his side.

Wilder's heart leapt in elation of victory and he made to remove the shaft from the body in front of him, but he could not in time. The man in front of him with short dark hair and peasants garbs much like his own looked him straight in the eyes and gripped the shaft of his pole with both his hands as blood was still pooling around it.

Even as his life left him, the man gave his last breath and screamed in bloody vengeance, "I have the bastard who killed Red! Kill him!" He slumped to his knees with his hands still attached to the pole.

"Let go you bastard! Let go!" Panic rising within him, Wilder tried to pry out his weapon, but did not manage to release it in time. As he frantically pulled, his enemy's ally ran past and towards him with spear in hand.

Time moved in slow motion and he remembered a time when he and Michael were kids playing in a pond. Laughter came to his ears, a childish, innocent laughter that he had long forgotten.

And as he looked towards him, he saw the death's hand coming towards him, taking him into his embrace.

The cold metal dug into his chest. The world tumbled for him and in front of him he saw was the large fir trees above swaying gently in the wind completely careless and free. As darkness encroached him, the only thing he was grateful for was that his worries were disappearing along with his life.

Kikubaaqudgha took his soul.

---

Across the vast oceans to the east, beyond Chromid that was the land of Beethoven's home, laid the lands of the western union, the Alliance of Order.

Ensinland, Fulvereni, Siyalia, Detrind, Bulerdim. The five great countries of the main continent united and formed the Alliance of Order.

On the island nation of Ensinland, a great plague like the one that had ravaged Chromid now stalked the land as death, eating away not at men, but at cattle and crops.

And in their last desperate struggles, the flaring of their souls as the land consumed itself was the catalyst for the invocation.

The Invocation of the Endless Torment.

---

Deep inside the mountainous region of Ensinland, the necromancers of the Black Sun were doing their darkest ritual. As the men's lives fell like blades of grass in the dark God's name, the emblem of the Black Sun stood inscribed in silver at the upper most floor of the stone cloister in full defiance of the sun, its central arrow pointing straight at it as if flouting its authority, not scared of its presence in the least.

And by the circle's sides stood four figures in black robes with their hands joined in prayer. On their backs were the same emblems of a circle and three long jagged arrows pointing down as inscribed on the floor.

"Tormenta aeterna." (Eternal Torment.)
"Ultumus via." (Is the last road.)

"Gloria Kikubaaqudgha." (Glory to Kikubaaqudgha.)

"Pax mortuorum." (Peace to the dead.)
"Potentia est ad vivum." (Power to the living.)

"Gloria Kikubaaqudgha." (Glory to Kikubaaqudgha.)

"Mors est." (Death's hand.)
"Quia prope est." (Is coming.)

"Gloria Kikubaaqudgha." (Glory to Kikubaaqudgha.)

"Necromantia." (Necromancy.)
"Repugnat naturae." (Opposes nature.)

"Et iudicii aterni." (The final judgment.)
"Veniat!" (Let it come!)

"NECROMUTATION..."
"EST OMNIUM!"

The circle in the middle started to burn with aetheric violet flames and unbearable pressure started assailing them, but they continued chanting from the beginning.

+*Ahahaha! Good work Chiras!*+ Kikubaaqudgha's rasped praise reached his ears as whispers, making him remember the face of his dead wife, driving him closer to madness with every passing word.

+*Armatia the Endless is coming!*+ Kikubaaqudgha's voice utterly possessed him. He could not stop nor turn away. He could not hope that the story of his life would have a happy ending.

"Gloria Kikubaaqudgha!"
"Gloria Kikubaaqudgha!"
"Gloria Kikubaaqudgha!" Their ominous monotonic chanting intensified.

Kikubaaqudgha promised him the power to bring back the dead, endless power and wealth. He promised him that Ilinsea would come back to him and that his heart's desires would be fulfilled.

The aetheric energies of countless dead souls floating through the air in front of him were positively suffocating now and the air was thick with the bluish tinge of aether that would have been visible even to those without magical aptitude.

Kikubaaqudgha promised Chiras many things, but Chiras never accepted.

It did not matter to Kikubaaqudgha. The dark God just commanded his soul directly and Chiras obeyed. He could find no strength of will to resist the compulsion.

And his future was that either he would be killed by whatever demon they summoned, or the demon would spare him and he would be executed in disgrace and in full view of all afterwards. He could just imagine the look on Beethoven's face if that happened.

As before, the compulsion on his spirit bid him to crane his neck upward towards the sun. Before his eyes, the glorious celestial sphere became covered in umbral darkness and from the flames inside the circle the Transcendental Horror from the planes beyond imagination, made her first step on Endwarnys.

A pulse of pure unholy power of pain and torment emanated from the circle, turning the forests around the area for thousands of meters into lifeless petrified husks and small plants into dust and ash. Flesh and blood was flailed straight off the bones of the critters and larger animals into nothingness, leaving their skeletal remains as twigs. Even some of the humans who were unfortunate to be in that area did not fare better; their clothes and belongings would remain among the ask for looters to find them.

The horrifying life-rending tear in reality passed throughout the world like the wail of a banshee, instinctively making those with magical aptitude recoil in horror at the sensation and those without fall to their knees at the solar eclipse.

Then sensation passed, and back at the cloister much to the relief of Chiras and his three servants, the unrelenting pressure that had assailed them ever since they started attracting the dead souls into the circle to power the summoning faded. The bluish aetheric waves spilled outward from the demon's form like a water tank being broken.

Its twin green eyes blazed like embers in the dark flames and bored into him. At once, as soon as he met the terrifying visage beyond the keen of man, he realized that he had made a great mistake and that his life was forfeit. Now that the compulsion of Kikubaaqudgha was miraculously gone, the least he could do was purge the world of the monstrosity he himself had created.

The monster starting moving towards him with sure, slow steps as if not a single force in the universe could stop it in its movement. As it did so the iridescent dark flames that made up its shape started coalescing into something, but Chiras did not have time to wait to see what would happen. Whatever would, he was certain that it would be bad!

His servants seemed ominous under their dark robes but they were just two maids and his old time butler; they could not be expected to fight. "Stay back!" he yelled at them.

Gathering all the aetheric force he could muster, he prepared to cast the most powerful spell that he knew.

'Fire Storm!' A great blazing pillar of pure white flame emerged from in front of him, rising high into the air like a flare, bright enough that all could have seen it for miles around like a beacon over the dead landscape.

Flames started licking at his face and Chiras recoiled a few steps back and raised his robed arm reflexively to ward off the sweltering heat. He had never cast this spell so close to himself before. That strike should have been enough to kill anybody, but as the he watched at the scintillating white flames, they started twisting and churning and as they parted he could see glowing green embers underneath and the white flames gave way to the demon's umbral ones.

'Fireball!' At once, he began gathering flames in his hands and flinging them at the horror in rapid succession. Numerous explosions rocked the top floor of the cloister in front of him, shaking the very foundations they stood on.

Each time the death fiend emerged forward unscathed, as if laughing at his pitiful efforts.

"Hah...hah...hah...hah..." As the death's hand drew near, Chiras' life started flashing before his eyes and he remember Kikubaaqudgha describing Armatia as perfect and unbeatable. +*She might even be stronger than I at this point. Do not provoke her or your life will be forfeit.*+

'Maybe attacking the fiend was not such a good idea.' Not having anything better to do in his final moments as his magic was drained, he unsheathed the blade at his belt and with a scream slashed at the demon. With impeccable grace, the demon ducked under his blow nearly causing him to stumble, but he rallied quickly and immediately slashed downward.

The blade shattered on Armatia's shoulder, clattering next to the trembling servants in the corner.

"Tell me master, what do you desire?" Instead of death as he expected, a cool feminine voice came at him from below catching him by surprise. Chiras took a step back to observe the figure before him and his mouth gaped in amazement. Slowly, the broken sword in his hand clattered on the stone floor next to him.

With one knee on the floor in front of him, dressed in an exotic black suit with a skirt that indecently showed off her long slender legs past the thighs, was the demon, transformed completely into a girl perhaps his son's age, but with the most perfect unblemished skin and figure he had ever laid his eyes on. Her gradient green eyes were like precious jades as they stared at the tips of his feet and her face was heart shaped and oval; her nose and lips and cheeks of such perfect make that they stopped his breath in his throat and her long fingers so slender that they made his heart beating faster even though he had just fought to the death against her. Her dark chestnut hair was like a dream and her bosom was so ripe and peachy as it devilishly jutted out from her chest...

"Master?" She inquired again, keeping her eyes on the ground. Did she say master? Feeling that the danger has passed, Chiras wondered about that for a moment.

'Did Kikubaaqudgha say that she would be my servant? ...Um, he did. Why did I attack her then?' He rubbed his head in thought. Was he getting long in age?

"Uh, get up for now so I can see you better. Your name was Armatia wasn't it?" Chiras asked her. Armatia did as instructed and drew herself to her full height. Looking him straight in the eyes and smiling she responded.

"Armatia Infinitas, at your service. Your wish is my command. That was quite a rude welcome from you, my master." She teased him, crossing her arms below her chest. Chiras could now note that her shoes had upraised heels making her feel taller (and even more indecent) than she was. As she was the tip of her head reached to her chin, making her taller than average for a girl.

"Yeah, your entrance was pretty scary. Made me forget all about the promise that you would be my servant. I thought you would be some horror beyond the dimension ready to tear the world asunder. Sorry for attacking you. Ahahaha!" He laughed a bit at that part. Armatia just grinned for a moment, and around her feminine form a blaze of umbral flames erupted giving her a sinister look and making him relieve the nightmare a little. Then she let the flames die.

"It is understandable. I can be scary sometimes." She uncrossed her arms and showed her palms at her sides. "Rest assured, I will do everything I can to make sure you are safe." The slant on her eyes gave her a somewhat predatory appearance, but he felt reassured by her words regardless.

"Ugh, my lord, is it over now?" His butler, Roderick, who used to serve his father since before his birth asked as he raised himself from the corner, with the help of the two maids, the wheat haired Time and white haired Nascisa.

"Yes, everything is fine. As you've heard, this is Armatia the Endless, the death's hand sent to us by the dark God." Chiras introduced her. Armatia did a slight bob to signify her presence to them and they seemed to accept her with some reluctance.

"My lord, we should leave soon. If we linger the paladins will get to us." Roderick warned him.

"A sound suggestion. Look around us master," Armatia waved over the railing.

Chiras had no time to notice it yet, but the whole area around them was now a blackened wasteland. "My summoning caused the aetheric flux around the area to drain completely into the rift. We should make haste, but do not worry, if anyone tries to bar our way, I will move them aside."

Chiras came to a decision quickly, turning to the two maids and the butler he ordered them, "Pack your things and get ready to leave. Leave the robes behind."

---

Leading in front dressed in minor nobleman's clothing, Chiras left the stony cloister with Armatia by his side and his servants following close behind. As he looked around he could see the true extent of the damage Armatia's summoning has brought upon the peaceful place that it has been when they had arrived. What had once been a verdant forest was not a field of ash, and occasional skeleton intermingled with it. He kept his eyes on the gravel road leading downwards from the mountain, trying not to raise dust as he walked. As he glanced at Armatia, he could not help let his gaze linger on her for a moment, not because of hear beauty - Ilinsea would never forgive him for that unfaithfulness in the afterlife - but because her gait was so silent, smooth and graceful. In front of his eyes, Armatia almost seemed to float through the air like a sprite, moving soundlessly and not raising a single speck of dust in her passage compared to the clumsy traipsing of him and his servants.

Kikubaaqudgha had specifically instructed him to this out of place monastery that had been ravaged along with the city nearby by an orc warband emerging from the Underworld about three years ago. Ever since that event, the entrance has stood a few kilometers to the north of the cloister and the nearby settlers fled to the coastal cities, away from the dangerous raiders, not desiring to risk death by the brutal mix of orcish frenzy and deep elven spell casting prowess.

They walked for a few hours, still in the ash field before a band of warriors led by a priest of Zin accosted them. Almost immediately, as he spotted them, he could feel his heart tightening. Armatia gave his hands a squeeze, looked him in the eyes to reassure him and smiled letting the rest of party see it.

"Don't worry. I will take care of it my master." Armatia told him. "Now, steel your hearts and follow my lead. Corroborate my story." They continued walking down the path towards the twenty man large band clad in chain mail and armed with spears and crossbows.

"My lord..." The maid behind them worriedly voiced out loud as she notice how the spears' tips gleamed in the sunlight.

"Be strong. Do not let them see your fear." Chiras chastised her firmly. An image of the dark horror clad in flames appeared in his mind. Just how quickly had he started thinking of Armatia as a girl? "Did you forget who Armatia was? She will get us through this without fail." He added a moment later.

"Ah..." The dawning of a realization came to her, as did on the rest of the servants.

"Halt! Who goes there!" A well built man with graying hair and intense stare stepped forth. He could see the men behind him nervously readying their weapons, but him and the rest managed to keep their composure.

"Loranie Coldrex the servant most pious of Elyvilon, my lord." Armatia confidently stepped forward and bowed. Then she did a ritual signature move of the Elyvilian faith by raising both of her hands in a circle. The rest of her party did so as well, hoping that Kikubaaqudgha would not punish them for this transgression.

The priest of Zin carrying an battleaxe on his shoulder and clad in priestly full plate mail armour touched his forehead with the tips of his fingers and the arm pointed forward, as if he was reading a very difficult book in consternation.

Chiras could see him eyeing Armatia up and down and snorting in disapproval at her attire.

"State your business here." He ordered her, clearly still suspicious, but the person in front of him looked like the paragon of virtue, and not like a crazed zealot of the dark Gods that have desecrated the forest (even though the skin she was showing on her legs was scandalous.)

"I, Loranie came here on a pilgrimage sent by the head priest of Linasdir to this cloister to retrieve the artifact thought lost to the orcs." Armatia reached inside the pocket on her exquisitely made black uniform and fished out a miniature uprivix of Elyvilon. It surprised Chiras to see this because Armatia had been with him the whole time and mentioned nothing about finding the gold and silver inlaid holy artifact. Just a moment, the priest noted his surprise and stepped forth towards Armatia.

"May I see it?" he held out his plated glove.

"Certainly." The priest of Zin raised it in front of his face and focused on the horned amulet for a few moments. Chiras had expected it to be a fake, but in front of his eyes the uprivix started shinning with a pleasant holy light that soothed all of their souls and uplifted their spirits.

The priest nodded and handed Armatia back the artifact.

"Good find. But one last thing, if I may my lady, to make sure you are not looters masquerading as noblemen." He eyed her dark attire up and down. "Or worse, necromancers."

"Prove to me that you are a healer." He turned to the younger sullen cheeked man behind him, "Peter, cut your finger." In response, Peter stepped forward, took off his glove and without hesitation, cut his finger on the dagger he unsheathed from his belt. A clot of blood collected on the tip of it and he held it out to Armatia to heal as a test.

Armatia gazed at the wound and raised her hands around Peter's. With a soft glow of holy light, the pain in his finger receded and Peter put the finger to his mouth. It came out clean as if the wound had never happened.

The paladin relaxed at that proof of authenticity and smiled for the first time. The tense atmosphere melted away at that gesture.

"I apologize for your treatment my lady Loranie. I am reverend Maximilian."

"It is a pleasure to meet you." Armatia smiled in return. They shook hands.

"By the way, do you have any idea what has transpired here? The sun turning black, people dying of hunger in the north east and now this has gotten us all on edge. If you looked like a band of brigands or cultists, we would have cut you down without a second thought." Priest Maximilian asked her. Armatia nodded.

"I was here when it happened. It was only by Elyvilon's grace that we have been spared. A great force of unholy power, burst from the ground below and turned the whole area into a death zone. I am afraid that something foul might be going on in the Underworld, and when I arrived at the cloister some demons were running amok, ransacking the place. Filthy beasts!"

"Me and mage Tarelon," she patted his shoulder as a way of introduction, "engaged and banished the wretches back to whence they came from and retrieved the holy uprivix. And on the uppermost floor we found a circle of the evil Kikubaaqudgha, along with the shadow fiend guarding it." A few gasps went throughout the band.

"My trustworthy partner banished the demon with a Fire Storm. He was responsible that blazing pillar of fire. Perhaps you have seen it all the way from below." Armatia warmly squeezed Chiras' hand for emphasis.

Priest Maximilian smiled, believing Armatia's lies fully.

"On behalf of all of Ensinland, I thank you my lady Loranie. Both you and your partner have made our task much easier!" Chiras almost could not believe how smoothly things were going. By the looks of things the man was now ready to reward them.

"I will bring word of your deeds back to Portsend and I will make sure you are justly rewarded for such a feat."

"No, that is fine, your gratitude is enough for me. I must make haste to Linasdir and report to father Thalimus." She leaned to the side as if she wanted to leave and the men parted to open the way to her party.

"Please tell father Thalimus that I send him my regards when I see him."

"I will father Maximilian. I will come visit you if I find the time."

"May the light shine on you."

"May the light shine on you." They parted jovially. Chiras could feel the other band's eyes linger on them for a while longer as they walked. Chiras guessed correctly that they were probably not looking at him, by the lady next to him.

"Get a move on!" He heard Maximilian's voice hollering them into shape.

As soon as they were out of earshot, Chiras turned to Armatia.

"Why didn't you tell me you found that uprivix, my servant."

"This?" She held it up in the air. In front of his eyes it dissipated into mist. "A bauble. I can produce them easily with my magic."

Chiras could not help it, but to blink a few times in surprise at that proclamation. There were...certainly a lot of business options with that level of magic.

"What else can you make?" Armatia just turned to him and grinned.

"Anything."

---

Despite his best efforts to pry any further information from her, Armatia proved evasive in revealing the true extent of her power, and after an hour of traveling during which Armatia told him fantastic stories of her own world, they arrived at the gates.

"Hold. The tithe is 3 silver reils." Chiras handed him the coins and the party went inside the city.

As Chiras observed the crowd, the atmosphere was far from festive, the same as last time he passed through the city and the people eyed them warily.

"Did hear about..."
"...in the north east..."
"Dreadful..."
"Famine..." Chiras heard bits and pieces of conversation about the news coming from north east about the crop failures and animal deaths. It was absolutely horrible that both had happened at the same time, and it was also horrifyingly convenient for him that it had happened, otherwise Trinity knows what Kikubaaqudgha would have forced him to do in order to summon Armatia.

At any rate, he was eager to get out of the city as soon as possible. The citizens were nervous now, but when they start to feel the pinch the riots would come and he did not want to be stuck here with the common folk.

He could feel it when he did the summoning - across the arid ravaged fields men were dying like flies and soon the lords would gather and march the men into the only place where food existed, the Underworld, and they would die to the orcs in a futile, needless battle.

'Good thing it isn't me.' He thought sardonically, angry at himself at not being able to do anything for them. Like he could not for Ilinsea. His grip tightened a bit at that recollection.

What the scarlet fever did five years ago was monstrous. It took his wife away from him and many of his trusted servants. It could have easily taken him and the boy too, but the Gods in their fit of fancy decided to spare them.

The first time he visited Ilinsea's grave, he met an old man there. He couldn't remember much, but he remembered the one sentence coming from his lips, 'This is just life.' As he watched him pray to Elyvilon by the grave of his wife and three daughters who were taken by the plague, he could feel his heart growing cold and distant. He could not accept that sentence. What was the point of such a life? He did not live just to accept the barbs and the slings that life sent his way.

In hindsight, it was at that point that he had decided to start practicing the dark arts from whatever information he could scrounge up in the family library. It was filled with the books gifted to his grandfather who was a brilliant archmage by Sif Muna. Necromancy, despite its name was the only school of magic that had healing spells, and the undead despite their grotesqueness were quite a marvel, but being found out as a necromancer was a quick way to get hanged.

They were too vile to use as servants, but even the ordinary skeleton animated by necromancy had several traits that immediately attracted him for analysis. They had no need for food or water, were immune to poison and disease, and were as stronger than a human despite having no muscle. They had rudimentary powers of cognition, between man and animals.

It had turned to be fruitless. The despite the significant risks he took to obtain more advanced texts on necromancy, he came no closer to illuminating the secrets of the soul. All living and inanimate things possessed it and it was the power of the soul that gave the undead their amazing resilience and energy. If he could have figured out how to manipulate and harness that power, he could have reaped the benefits of undeath in humans; immunity to disease and lack of need to eat.

After his practice skeleton (that he had procured at a great risk from the town morgue) collapsed for the 198th time, he slammed the table in his room in frustration and like a dolt the next day at the Ecumenical Temple he bowed at the altar of Kikubaquudgha. He would never forget the meeting one year ago.

---

Feeling as the end of all life was upon him as he glanced up at majestic specter of his new deity, Chiras could only tremble on the floor, shaken to his core by the meeting.

+*Mortal, necromancy is not for the likes of you. Begone, I have no need for pitiful beggars such as yourself.*+ Chiras swallowed and the sudden memory of Ilinsea being lowered to her grave frothed forth to the surface of his mind. Dozens and dozens of funerals, each of them of his trusted servants or friends came immediately, making him relieve those hells.

Gathering whatever little courage had in him, he bowed deeply, nearly touching the floor with his forehead, hoping the God could not see the tears streaming down his eyes.

"Great God, I beg of you, teach me the secrets of the soul, so that I may never see my son and my servants die. So that I may save those I come across in need. I renounced Elyvilon four years ago and for four years I've had to live with his punishments."

The titanic specter towered above his tiny floor, gazing at him as if he was an insect.

"I wake up in the middle of the night in excruciating pain and with poison coursing through my veins, I regularly vomit the food that I eat and if it was not for the Amulet of Clarity at my neck, I would have broken it as Elyvilon attempts to cloud my mind from time to time." The first time that punishment happened, he tumbled down the stairs of his house and broke his arm. He had to pay a healer of Elyvilon - the very God who was responsible for nearly killing him - to mend it.

Go looked up towards the specter, hoping to impress upon him the strength of his spirit.

"But I do not care for that. I can live with the barbs and the stings, but what I cannot live with is the knowledge that I have to accept life as it is. Necromancy holds the key, I am sure of it. If only I could understand its secrets, I could defeat the wretched light." He did not really think that the light was wretched, but Kikubaaqudgha hated it, right? He got inkling that he was wrong when Kikubaaqudgha responded to him next.

+*Fool. I have watched you study necromancy and you have not even the slightest inkling why it is called that.*+ Kikubaaqudgha's rasp was the endless closing of tombs, the lament of a untold tragedies beyond the stars. Chiras could barely contain his trembling as he kneeled in front of the altar and had to fight the urge to flee constantly, feeling that it would be a grave transgression to do so.

+*You are a pretender on the road of necromancy. You want to use death, but you have never truly faced it. You have no idea at all what the purpose of pain causing spells is, and the flesh manipulation spells are just an idle curiosity to you despite being so vital to your goal. Torment has not touched you.*+ He felt that he was being chastised, but despite wracking his brains, he could not figure out why.

+*You pitiful reject, I will accept you and show you the error of your ways.*+

+*You will either learn or face the final death.*+ From within its fold the specter produced a thin book with nondescript worn brown covers. As soon his eyes feel upon it, Chiras could feel his life draining away from him. From within he could sense stifled screams and blood dripped down between its pages.

With trembling hands, feeling like he had gone in far further than he should, he most gratefully accepted the book and then the dread specter spoke to him again.

+*The Book of Dead Names contains the secrets of the soul that you seek. It holds the answer to eternal life and mastery over death.*+

+*Open it and you will realize how insignificant you truly are mortal!*+

Chiras could not stop himself from opening the book. He could neither run nor hide. As if guided by an unseen compulsion, he opened the covers and glanced upon the first page.

His innards were splayed across the walls of the room and his blood drenched the ceiling before turning into a waterfall that engulfed him whole, drowning him in his own blood. He saw Ilinsea die a thousand times. He saw the stars go silent. He saw Beethoven's coffin being lowered into the grave with eternal finality and he could see Beethoven's flesh being eaten away by time until only the skeleton underneath remained and then that too crumpled. He saw himself in the mirror grow old and withered, just like his grandfather. He tore out his heart. The sun grew black.

He walked through a hall lit by black torches and emerged into darkness of a room with a bloody altar. Laying on it was man with a familiar form. He walked up the stone steps to the podium of the altar and from within his black robes he removed a slender dagger and raised it, poising it to strike. Light from the torches glinted of its edge. Just before the dagger plunged into the man's heart the haze from his mind cleared and he could see the man's face. It was his own.

The man was smiling. Even as blood started pooling on the altar of transcendence and dripped down the white marble the man never stopped smiling. His azure blue eyes were sparkling!

The Book of the Dead Names dropped on the floor and closed. A scream ripped out from Chiras' throat echoing throughout the closed metal walled room.

A wail utter agony came from his crumpled form in front of the altar as he shivered and screamed, scrunched up like a baby.

He trashed on the floor of the temple for hours.

He returned to his mansion late that day after the night has fallen, with the dangerous book towed under his clothes. Its mere presence ate away at his mind as he walked, but he managed to keep his dignity and arrived undetected.

"My lord...I...Beeth-" Nascisa welcomed him, but he brushed the maid aside and walked straight his mansion and into the basement. Walking down the creaking wooden steps, he stowed the accursed book away into the hardest chest that he could find, locked it and hid the key later in his room. He could not bear to look at it, and even thinking about it brought bouts of nausea to him.

Ever since that day, horrors haunted his thoughts and when he let his mind wander, invariably he started to remember. And at nights, a cold shiver ran through his spine like the death's hand running its cold bony finger across it...

---

"Master?" Armatia was looking up at him with her thin eyebrows crumpled in concern.

"It is nothing." Chiras waved her aside, mustering his dignity as the lord and shaking off his shivers. "We are almost at the harbor. Let's make a reservation and then eat lunch. Hopefully we won't run into the priest again."

"If we do I will use my silver tongue to get us out of that situation. Don't worry about it master."

"Hah...hah...hah...hah..." Behind him, he only now realized that Roderick had grown tired by their relentless marching. Even his own feet had started to hurt.

"Time, here are ten silvers. Go get something to eat with Roderick and Nascisa. There is a restaurant just across the street," he bobbed his head at the building, "me and Armatia will join you later."

"Hah...hah...don't worry about me my lord, I can still keep on going." The old man wheezed. Chiras stepped up to him and places a hand on his shoulder.

"Don't push yourself, you did good today old man. Take a break. We are all tired." He smiled at him and nodded affirmatively.

"Thank you, lord." The man rasped, bowing slightly.

"Thank you, lord." The two maids bowed.

"Come Arma." They parted ways, and Armatia followed him closely by his side with her customary grace. Her legs were hugely distracting and somewhat embarrassing to him, and he made up his mind to find her a good tailor, so she would not be mistaken for a (very expensive) streetwalker if by chance she found herself alone.

---

Above the dark oceans with white moon and the clouds in the background, the enormous wooden airship sailed through air with the magic of levitation, propelled by the jets of wind in its sides. Down below, waves could be seen peacefully cresting as the moonlight reflected off them.

At the deck, the nobles were having a party, and dressed for the occasion Chiras was doing his part socializing with his newly met acquaintances and an old pal he stumbled upon by chance. Somehow, he felt much better than usual and with serenity he rarely felt usually, even with the pall cast by ill omen of the sun turning black that colored most of the conversations, he went to his bed, after having a few glasses of wine and dinner.

The next day, as the first rays of sunlight came from the window, he woke up refreshed despite sleeping only for six hours and after washing and getting dressed, he went to met his servants. Last night, he missed Armatia's presence at the party, so he went to her room first. He knocked on her door.

"Arma?"

He knocked again and waited.

"Hey, Arma are you in there?" No answer was forthcoming. He entered the room and found it deserted, so searched for his maids next.

"Good morning lord. Arma? Yeah, uh, we heard her last night in Roderick's room." Time looked like she wanted to add something to that, but thought better of it. "Oh, there he is now."

Roderick emerged from the cabin next door dressed in his butler's suit, with a spring in his step, almost seeming youthful somehow in contrast to his yesterday's self.

"Good morning lord!" He beamed. Chiras' felt his eyebrow going up.

"Roderick? Is that you?" Chiras asked him. "You seem different somehow." He added.

"Is it that obvious? Watch this m'lord." Then the man with bores on his face that seemed to have trouble moving his joints just yesterday raised his hands and did a back handspring. The faces of those watching him went astonished. Roderick beamed, clearly enjoying the attention.

"My man, what has happened to you!?" Chiras enquired.

"My lady Armatia paid me a visit last night, and lo and behold, I felt the best I have ever felt in years, decades actually! The pain in my joints," he rotated his waist for emphasis, "it be all gone my lord!" Chiras' heart nearly leapt at this proclamation.

'Was it possible that...' Just at that moment, Armatia picked the time to poke her head out of Roderick's room and came out.

"Good morning master." She did a slight bow. The two women by his side looked at her askance, but Chiras was completely oblivious to that as he beamed himself before sidling up to her and clapping her on the back heartily.

"Arma!" He patted her on the head next, causing her to blush a little. Roderick was happy too, but the looks on the two maids were dumbfounded.

Just for a moment, Chiras remembered how they first met, and how Kikubaaqudgha forced him with pain and mental compulsion to come here. Maybe Armatia too was stealing his heart using his magic, but at this moment, as he realized what she has done, Chiras cared squat about that.

Even if she was a demon, the good she had done was undeniable. Thinking back to it, she could have easily killed the band led by father Maximilian. She could have killed him when they first met. She had every right to after he attacked her. Instead she bowed to him.

For the first time in his life, Chiras was awed by a person's benevolence.

"Master, please!" She swatted him away uncomfortably, happy at the attention regardless.

"Oh, sorry." Chiras grinned. "Let's go get dinner, we will be landing in two hours."

---

The wooden underside of the airship landed on the water with a loud splash and sent sea water droplets spraying. It was always a sight to behold to Chiras as he watched from the railing with Armatia and the rest of his party. The airship docked into port with expert maneuvering.

"Right now we are at Winterstein. It will be a two days of travel by horse until we get to Galsanmour." He told Armatia. "You've told me quite a few things about your land, but over here we have something better. Our horses levitate!" He grinned and led the way off the ship as the board ways were posted.

Glancing at Roderick, the old man seemed to be as spry as ever as he moved over the boards, confident and upright compared to his meek hunched form. At first he thought of the business opportunities he could use Armatia for, but this went far beyond that. If he could get her to teach him her secrets, then he could change the world. Ever since the meeting with Kikubaaqudgha at the temple, his desire to study necromancy had faded, but what Armatia did was the spell of healing he had long been searching for, what only the avatars of Elyvilon were capable of and the God of healing for all of his supposed benevolence was very stingy with his favors.

The sky was bright, clear and sunny and he had been so engrossed as he walked around town, that the tugging at his pants caught him by surprise.

"Huh?" Chiras looked down blankly. The face of a bedraggled beggar who had not shaven in at least a month and with a dirty mop of hair falling around his shoulders, greeted him. His clothes were worn and torn in places and a slight nauseating smell wafted up from his form.

With dead listless eyes the man pleaded, "Please sir I have not eaten in three days. Could you spare me some coin?"

At the sight, his good mood was broken is if a sudden storm broke out behind him. Chiras wrinkled his nose in disgust. He really did not want to reinforce this kind of behavior, but...he did have compassion in his heart. He was wealthy by most measures, more than enough to spare a few coins for the poor man's next meal...

But, he strongly suspected that if he gave him the money here, he would still be here on the streets tomorrow and next week. As he mused, a sudden thought struck him.

He turned to Armatia and asked her, "Armatia, what would you do?" That was a good idea, he thought to himself. Armatia is the paragon of virtue, if anybody can truly help this man it was her.

Armatia uncrossed her arms and with a look with determination on her face took initiative, making a step forward next to the beggar who was miserably looking up her from his kneeling position. She looked at Chiras and smiled, "I would show him kindness."

She kicked the man in the face and he rolled to the side, letting go of Chiras and becoming perfectly still, not even raising his hands in self defense. The rest of her party was petrified by the sudden display of cruelty.

"It is just as you think master. Look at this man." She pushed his body with her black high heeled shoe, so he faced upwards into the sky. With icy eyes, she gave him a little kick to the side. The man barely responded, so she took that an invitation to punish him more with her foot. The maids to the side grimaced as they watched her beat a defenseless man.

"Useless, he is completely useless. He is already a walking corpse." Irritated by his complete lack of spirit, she stomped on his abdomen with her heel.

"Urg..." The man moaned lightly, but otherwise did not move an inch even in self defense.

"Broken." Kick. "Shell." Kick. "Of a man." Kick.

"He can't even muster the will to finish his pathetic life!" Kick, kick, kick. Time started crying into her hands and Nascisa made to comfort her just so she did not have to look at the gruesome sight and even the onlookers had stopped with her work to look on her with disapproval. A chill ran through Chiras' spine, like the hand of ran its bony finger along it...

"Stop Arma!" He moved to pull her away from the man before she kills him, but she swatted his hands away with incredible forcefulness and bent down. She picked the grown man up with only one of her slender arms and showed him straight into his face.

"Look at his eyes master." As Chiras did so, at first he thought that the man was unconscious or in a dream, but there were flickers of life in the man's dull grey eyes like the last dying flames of twin candlelight. Chiras' heart turned to ice and he nearly felt like crying as he realized how the man felt inside.

Complete utter despair. Endless unrelenting agony. Torment.

He remembered once his God chastising him that he was not touched by torment. Now he realized at once the true meaning of those words.

"He is not going anywhere. He is just waiting for death to come." She dangled him by the scruff of the neck.

"Please Arma..." He looked away in shame. Armatia let the man go like a rag on the cold tiles and pulled Chiras away from the scene. Roderick, Time and Nascisa followed them uneasily, desiring to get away from the cold looks that were being sent their way by the onlookers.

They took refuge in the inn they had been to previously when they passed through the city.

Chiras had a lot to think about that day.

---

His plan was to leave the city right away, but that event with the beggar had completely shattered their spirits. Chiras spent the rest of the day milling about his room back and fro pointlessly, only coming out for lunch when the maid announced it. Chiras looked outside the window into the streets outside, walked to the door and made to turn the handle, but then changed his mind and went back to lie on the bed. He stared upwards at the wood paneling.

It was unlike him to spend the whole day agonizing over something that should not concern him, but he could not just put the matter out of his head.

He knew only one thing; he wanted to save that man. Most nobles would just give money to the man and call it their good deed for the day, but as cruel as Armatia has been, she was right.

If it were he on the streets, he would at least put up a struggle to resist and look for a job instead of being a nuisance. That man was literally at death's door.

Outside, the sky had started to turn crimson and he felt certain that it was the time to make his decision now.

He was not sure at all of what he should do to save him, but he was certain that he wanted to. He was prepared to take the man under his stewardship even though it would not be enough. However he turned the situation in his head like a puzzle cube, the beautiful face of the green-eyed demon that he had summoned kept bubbling to the surface.

He had to talk to Armatia and convince her to lend the man her aid.

---

Compared to her usual demeanor, Armatia had such an icy and imposing attitude as she frowned at him from the bed with her legs crossed that despite being her master Chiras could not muster the strength to order her. Instead, he tried to request it from her.

"Armatia, I want to save that man. Please lend me your power. You said that you could do anything? Could you save him?" He had to resist kneeling to her.

"That person is unimportant. Think of Ensinland that we have left. I could save plenty of more people there. Would you like to go back?" She countered.

"I..." he swallowed, "I can't just let this lie. My consciousness will not let me." He shifted his weight uneasily.

"Hah." She jeered. "You reject. You consciousness hurt so you want to rearrange your life to make it go away. This is why you are unfit as a necromancer."

"Arma, please." He pleaded. Armatia let her expression mellow.

"How far are you willing to go for that man? Are you willing to pledge your soul to me in exchange?" Armatia bobbed her leg a little as she fired off that question at him. Chiras searched inside of himself, but he could not find it in him to say yes. It felt too suspicious, too uneasy to say yes here as if he meant it. Armatia grinned a little, not in jest, but like a predator. She leaned forward, burrowing her jade embers into him.

"Of course you aren't. You presumably want to scout out the area before entering it with an army, but you know Chiras, even then it still does not mean it is safe. There could always be extras hiding in the forests and reinforcement at the back, hidden away from the spies." She glared at him with disapproval on her face, her feminine voice as sharp as a razor as she judged him.

"Do you really think that there is proof enough for you to ever quell your unease? To make you feel like you could give me your life? When you saw me heal Roderick you were pretty happy, but now that you've seen me beat a person you are unsure of my character. There is a voice inside you whispering that I might mistreat you. And another that tells you not to sell your soul to a demon. And another that says it is disgraceful to bow to a girl." She closed her eyes for one long moment and opened them.

"You fool. There is no such thing as a rational analysis when it comes to weighting the worth of life. It can be as valuable or worthless as you wish for it to be." Chiras could only stand in silence as Armatia deliberated.

"It is like talking to a wall. Chiras, I will accept your request. I will show you the secrets of the soul. And maybe after my lessons are done, you will know where you have gone wrong." Armatia got up to her feet.

"Come. Unless we hurry, that man will die tonight."

---

The stars above arrayed against the night canvas were shining beautifully, admired Lucius as he laid on the cold floor of some back alley covered in a thick jacket. There was always a silver lining. After the beating he received from the noble lady yesterday, some of the passerby that would have usually marked him as invisible took pity on him and gave him some coins, allowing him to eat finally. It was a lie that he did not eat in three days; he actually had not eaten in two.

'I guess I should thank her then.' He felt so tired. He wanted to be angry at the world, at the lady, but he just could not find the energy for it.

It was just as well. It was a miracle that he had fought on this far anyway. He lost his family five years ago to fever and all of his friends in the war with the orcs four years ago after he joined the army to get over his sorrow. Then he lost all of his money and house to the booze. But he could never forget.

A part of him always remembered the man he admired the most, Iril, whom he followed into war who gleamed in the sun dressed in metal, whose long dark hair blazed in the wind, who always charged bravely at the front with his sword raised high even against impossible odds. It did not work out the fourth time. He would forever regret pretending to be dead next to his corpse. If he had died he would never have had to live with regret.

The proud, beaming face of his wife illuminated in gold came into his consciousness. He remembered the elation he felt as he raised the crying form of his daughter high into the sky after she had been born. He remembered her looking up at him and smiling when she was seven as they walked through a park. It was a warm, verdant spring day and the warmth of her small hand gripping his own came back to him.

But there was nothing in his hand now, the only thing he felt was the squeaking of the rats next to him.

Alone amongst the refuse, none could see the tears running down his face as he lay in the back alley.

Eventually, they dried and just as he was mercifully going to fall asleep he heard stirring beyond the corner. Shadows flitting across the wall illuminated by torches and three men emerged around the bend. Lucius gave them a glance. They looked hardened and criminal, but thankfully he had already spent all his money so he would not have to worry about being robbed, so he went back to sleep.

"Yeah, this is the guy. I do not think anybody is gonna miss him." He heard one of them say. He opened his eyes and the one at the head dressed in brown tunic with short cropped brown hair and leather armour, unsheathed a knife. It glinted in the moonlight. The way the man's gray eyes peered at him sent a shiver through his spine and he started to scramble backwards on the floor.

"Scream and I will gut you right here you filthy crawler." The man intimidated him as he slowly started to close the distance. Lucius's back knocked into the wall behind him. He wall surrounded by solid stone on all sides, the only way out of the alley was through the three men in front of him.

"What do you intend to do with me?" He asked, stalling for time until he thought of something. Nothing came to mind. The man grinned and sheathed his knife.

"Nothing bad, we are just going to take you somewhere nice, somewhere where people will care for you, isn't that right boys?"

"Yeah."
"Absolutely." The two guys behind him, hardened criminals by the look of them nodded vigorously.

"No, stay back, stay back!" Lucius screamed. The man's expression soured.

"Is this how you repay our kindness?" He glanced at those behind him. "Make it clean."

Just out of the corner of his eye, Lucius could see somebody else emerged from the corner of the alley. The twin green suns that were her eyes bore into him.

He felt his soul being plunged into the fiery furnace of hell, but instead of it killing him, it made him stronger, more alive. He was still afraid, but that fear was not crippling him any longer. He felt the sharper and the more alert that he ever felt, and suddenly the three men in front of him did not look menacing at all. He faced tougher odds before.

He got up to his feet and looked at his adversary straight in the eyes.

He remembered a memory he had long forgotten, of himself sparing with Iril. "Lucius, remember to watch the shoulder. As soon as the muscle moves so should you." The shoulder started to move a so did Lucius with the force he never knew existed inside of him. His knee blasted straight into the thug's side. The knife clattered on the floor and with shock written on his face, the thug feel to his knees, gasping for breath.

Lucius grabbed him by the hair, and impacted the thug's face into the wall next to him. He let his body drop limp into the refuse.

"Pock!"
"You bastard!" They took out their own daggers, and in challenge Lucius took his own stance, raising his arms in front of him.

The two eyed him warily for a moment and then the more foolhardy one decided to rush him. Before he could blink, Lucius swiftly produced a wooden pole from the trash pile next to him and slammed it in two on the man forehead. He impacted his elbow into the man's temple and he too dropped like a doll with his strings cut on the dirty floor of the alley.

Lucius felt his blood pump and his spirit burn like it never did before. It made him remember the victories in his life. In the west, he and Iril, just fresh out of training faced a band of orcs 10,000 to 1,000. They had won and had been hailed heroes. Iril gained several ranks for his bravery.

"Uhh...uhh...uhh!" The other man stammered, and Lucius decided to take this chance to take initiative. He ducked and weaved towards him like a shadow, his old skills flowing to the surface as if they were never gone. The man's slash went wide and he delivered a series of lightning fast punches across his body.

He dropped like a sack of rotten potatoes by his feet.

A memory of him and his comrades slamming into the ranks of the orcs came to him. The screams and the clinks of weapons striking were like bells of awakening coming to his ears. He remembered how it felt when his blade split his enemy's face in two. He remembered what it was like to stand on a podium and receive a medal for bravery. What happened to that? He sold it for booze.

He ran his hands through his face and inhaled deeply. Just what had happened to him? How could he ever have fallen this low? As he thought, rat scurried from the refuse, darting away from the alley.

He slept with rats.

Lucius pulled his hair back and in the dead night's alley glanced at the stars above. They seemed so much brighter than before, so much closer that he could almost touch them. And in his eyes, a shine was reflected as Lucius' life was reignited. With a smile, he reached his hands towards the stars and grasped them.

---

To Chiras, as he watched the man next to Armatia, he seemed like a completely different person. He did not change in appearance, but now the man had an almost palpable presence about him, as if something inside of him was driving him. If his life had a form, it would have been a bonfire.

"This is kindness. It is not to give a person a few coins. It is to give him the will to live. With just a simple spell, I have revived the man's spirit."

'Revived?' Yes, as he looked at him rise his hand towards the heavens, the beggar's eyes were definitely alive now. Chiras felt his vision going blurry from gladness and he looked away from Armatia, embarrassed to be seen going so emotional. Somehow, this was exactly the salvation he would have wanted to give him if he had been capable of doing so.

"Here is thought for you to dwell on, what does this have to do with pain and more importantly pain spells? Dwell on this." He heard Armatia speak behind him.

Some time passed in silence, each of them in their own thoughts.

Then Chiras heard steps by his side and turned to see the man walking towards them with a glare in his eyes and his fists clenched at his sides. His elation promptly changed to fear as he realized how the situation must have looked from his perspective. He might be even suspecting them of being in league with the thugs!

"You're the woman I met earlier in the day? The one who gave me a sound trashing!" His eyes widened in surprise. "Did you come here to finish the job?" He asked Armatia. Chiras cursed on the inside as he watched the exchange next to him.

Armatia grinned, "And what if I did?" His fist flew out towards her cute face mercilessly. Springing into action with impeccable speed, Armatia caught it in a grip with her own smaller one, easily maintaining balance even with her high heels. The man pulled back.

"Then I guess you could probably do it. You are strong, probably the strongest I've ever met." He admitted, reappraising her with his eyes. Chiras felt the tension ease.

"How do you feel?" She asked him with some concern in her voice.

"...Great. Like I could take on an army and win. I've never felt this good before. Did you do something to me?"

"Just a little spell, I've developed. What is your name?"

"Lucius. Lucius Rottirdin." That name rang a bell somehow to Chiras.

"Lucius Rottirdin? The same who along with Iril held back the orcs at the Etismial Pass two years ago whilst outnumbered twenty five to one until the reinforcements could arrive? That Lucius Rottirdin?" Rather than being bashful, the man's face turned into a frown.

"I lost all of my friends in that battle and only survived because the orcs thought me to be a corpse." Lucius admitted. Chiras gapped, reappraising the man instantly. He looked scraggy and haggard, unclean and unshaven as if he did not did not touch water for months and wore clothing that looked as if he stole them from a corpse, but the man was a hero far to the west in Riondir where the orc incursion were a constant threat. The last he head of him, he had disappeared after the battle. Who would have thought he would turn up here.

"Pleased to meet you, I am Armatia Infinitas and this man is my lord, Chiras Galsanmour." They shook hands in greeting.

"Earlier today you asked him for a few coins, but what do you wish to do now Lucius?"

"I have no home, no money, no friends. My lady, were you the one who healed my heart?"

"I was." He kneeled in front of her.

"Then I would like to become your follower. Please take me under your wing, lady Armatia." He stared at her feet and awaited her verdict.

"I have no interest in servants or followers. If you are going to offer me something of value let it be your soul. I, Lucius, am a necromancer." She admitted. "Know that if you follow me, you might end up burnt at the stake for your transgressions. Do you still wish to do so?" She warned him. Lucius did not hesitate at all in responding, unlike him.

"That does not matter. You are worthy. If it is my soul that you want then you can have it. I belong to you." Armatia grinned and glanced by the corner of her eyes. Inside of himself Chiras rolled like a barrel. It was that easy for her? Despite that fact that they barely even knew each other and the fact during their first meeting Armatia beat him halfway to death? As a noble, he knew what it was like to be looked up to, but he never ever saw charisma of this magnitude.

She said it was a spell, but Chiras could not sense a thing. If he was not careful even he might end up falling for her. And he was afraid he already might be slipping.

"Then kiss my hand and rise my servant, we ride home tomorrow. Go back with master Chiras and get something to eat and a bath. I have something to do." She started to move away and glanced back for a moment over her back.

"Master, I will have a special lesson for you in a hour, so expect for me to call you." In front of their eyes, she vanished into the shadows.

After blinking a few times in astonishment, the two went on their way.

---

Back in his room, Chiras heard two knocks on the door and when he opened it, Armatia was outside looking for him. She handed him a cowl.

"Put this on and follow me." She instructed him. She put up the hood of her cowl and her form and face became shrouded in darkness. Only a pair of sinister green embers burned from the shadowy depths of where her face should have been and her body was a black blot against the wall to his vision.

He put it on and his eyes tingled. In front of him he noticed the shadows shrouding Armatia's form vanish. Chiras noticed no difference as he glanced at his body, and followed her outside. As he walked he realized that his steps were much more silent. It felt unnerving, but on the other hand it made him feel like a true necromancer for the first time, which filled him with irrational pride.

The night had fallen completely and the stars and the moon sparsely illuminated the streets. Armatia led him through the city, carefully picking her routes away from the patrols and they quickly arrived at the cemetery gates, near the outskirts of the Winterstein. It was a bit exhilarating to flit through the streets like a rogue even though he would never admit that.

The large black metal gates nearly three times his size were locked with a chain to ward off their ilk (and to keep them inside.) Chiras thought for a moment on how they should get in and just before he made up his mind to just climb over the fence, Armatia silently sneaked up on him and with her slender, and yet impossibly strong arms swept him up like a princess. He saw the corner of her lips turn into a devilish smirk.

"H-hey!" He sputtered and before he could lodge a complaint, he felt pressure and saw landscape blur. With impeccable agility Armatia leapt on the top of the fence and off it, into the graveyard beyond. She lightly landed and gently let him on his feet.

Chiras glared at her. "Do not do that again." He warned her.

"Sorry, master!" She put her tongue out mischievously. Irritated by her behavior, Chiras walked on the stone tiles next to the gravestones and looked around uneasily, hoping that nobody would see them.

The graveyard was surrounded by large stone walls on three sides that blocked them from sight of the surrounding residences, but he knew from common knowledge that patrols came through this part every two hours to take a look for foul servants of darkness.

"Get on with it, my servant." He emphasized the last part, ordering her with wounded pride. Armatia nodded.

"I brought you out here to give you a lesson on what necromancy was truly about and how it can be used for self improvement. At the end of this lesson you will know the purpose of fleshcrafting and minor soul manipulation spells such as Pain and Agony. With it you will be able to read the Book of the Dead Names that Kikubaaqudgha has gifted you that you have locked away in your basement master."

'Did Kikubaaqudgha tell her that?' Chiras wondered, surprised at the extent of her knowledge.

"Before we being, for your benefit and with your permission I will cast a little spell on you similar to what I used on Lucius. It will change your personality, so you do not run away screaming through the city once this lesson starts. May I?" Armatia inquired.

'Does that mean she never used them before without my permission? No, she is probably doing this for emphasis, so that I know I am changed. What this means is that those spells are really undetectable to their targets.' Chiras reasoned.

"What sort spell is it?" Chiras asked.

"It will rearrange some of the concepts in your soul. Some of the things you would have previously find vile and disgusting will become inverted so that you find interesting and attractive."

"Such as?"

"Human languages have not advanced to the point where I can explain to you what mental maps are. After reading the Book of the Dead Names you will know well enough." Just the mention of that book brought shivers to him. "Please trust me." Chiras rubbed his chin a little and decided to agree. It was obvious from Armatia's demeanor that he could not progress as a necromancer unless he underwent this.

"Go ahead."

"Done." Armatia responded. He did not notice a thing had changed and like in the alley Armatia had cast the spell soundlessly and motionlessly, which was the proper way to do magic, but more difficult to execute without the mental reinforcement provided by the ritual motions.

A few moments passed in silence.

"How do you feel?"

"The same as usual. Did you work the spell correctly?" Her face hidden inside the shadows of the cowl, Armatia nodded.

"You have a strong will master. You might not have noticed, but you feel more relaxed now." Somehow the solemn place of death they were at did not seem as eerie as before, so perhaps Armatia was right on closer inspection. He watched her turn to one of the nearby tombstones and glide like a shadow closer towards it.

Richard Studder 3512-3529 - He was fine...until he wasn't.

Armatia gripped the thick marble slab of the tombstone that covered the ground beneath the coffin and carefully moved it over to the side. Chiras could not help but be amazed at her strength; that slab must have easily weighted over hundred kilos and she handled it like paper.

Then she just stood there in silence and after a few moments, he sensed earth moving underneath.

He could hear moans coming from under the ground and then scratching and crawling as if something was trying to make its way out.

A desiccated hand burst upwards throughout the earth and then another wormed its way out. Gripping the edges as if emerging from a dirt bath, the rotted, worn out corpse emerged from underneath into the cold night air, dressed in worn funeral rags. Pangs of satisfaction swam throughout his body as he looked at it.

"Gaaaaah..." The corpse's groan was a beautiful melody of undeath as it passed through ears. His heart started beating fast with excitement, as he watched it turn. Its empty white eyes met their own, pools into infinite possibility. Everything about the undead was perfect and beautiful as it stood hunched in front of them, like cliff against the dissolving seas of time and elements.

Its teeth were yellow and broken, its eyes were white and soulless, its ribs were poking out from underneath the ribcage and as he watched, a worm poked its head out from its gut and feel writhing to the ground, and yet the corpse, an iron pillar of will did not care in the slightest. Its muscles were stiffened and its joints were practically useless and still it moved and with enormous strength. Its scalp was missing in places, revealing the white bone underneath, but it did not need things such as flesh. It was far better than that.

Suddenly, Chiras understood what he was looking at - power! He used to reason that the undead were amazing in some way, now he truly felt it! Is this what being a true necromancer was like?

The zombie in front of him was battered, old and useless, but despite that, in its frail form was contained a power that if he could master, he could become truly great.

The smell wafting from the corpse felt sweet and pleasant. He had force the grin down from his face.

"Ahahahaha," Armatia laughed merrily, "you like it master. That means my spell is working." Armatia grinned, her green embers glinting in the darkness.

"This amazing. It is a wonder that we do not use the undead everywhere." Chiras opined.

"Indeed, indeed...but the best is yet to come." He would not say it out loud, but he had great expectations for this lesson now.

"Lay on the ground, here between the tombstones so you will be hidden from view." Armatia instructed the undead and after a confident groan of acknowledgement, the corpse laid on its back between two upraised tombstones. Next to it was a repulsive basket of yellow lilies, which made him sick just looking at it, so he walked over to it and knocked it over the side, desecrating the tomb.

Desecrate. That is such a nice word.

He noticed Armatia was looking at him with a quizzical look.

"You may continue." He graciously allowed her and she got to work. For some reason unknown to him, Armatia started undressing and neatly arranging her dark clothes on the gravestone next to them, starting with her black high heeled shoes, then moving on to the far too short skirt - real women should have it below the knees - and then to her dark uniform shirt. Standing naked on the cold ground below, lastly she took off her underwear. She did not wear a brassiere, that harlot.

Completely bare except for the cowl that only hid her face, she straddled the corpse and turned to look at him out of the corner of her eyes.

"Master, come look from the front and observe what is truly possible with sufficient skill in fleshcrafting." She spoke, and resisting the urge to confront her because of her wayward dress code, he nevertheless did as instructed.

With her elegant hands, she stripped away the shirts from the corpse and he watched her dig into the body, her hands easily parting the hard rotted flesh, as if it was butter with necromantic power suffusing her. Her hands were like angel's, she kneaded and twisted muscle back together, stitched together skin, reshaped and mended bone.

She started with the face, softly, but expertly running her hands through both flesh and bone twisting it into her desired form. When she finished, it seemed heart shaped and oval, the same as her own, except pale from death, Chiras realized. She cupped the scalp and spread her hands out like wings, trailing lustrous dark chestnut hair from her palms.

Then she moved down past the throat and into the chest, making the body whole as she weaved the tissues back together and adding to it with her own power where it was eaten away. She made the ribcage just a bit narrower and smaller than before, Chiras noted. She dug deep into the body, grasped at something and pulled away gunk and slime, sweet smelling putrid ichor of death. She did so again and came away with dirt that she tossed at the side.

As he watched her Armatia was engrossed into her task with a singular focus and he could appreciate her bare form judging by the lust building up in his groin area, but he easily put it aside.

Armatia was beautiful, but not as beautiful as the corpse.

Armatia dug again into the desiccated corpse and from her hands twin cups, like mounds of flesh were pulled out of the chest with pink cherries on top. Then she moved lower into the abdomen, after finished repairing the tears at the side.

She continued running her hands into the flesh like she was kneading dough and it came together whole, but narrower and with a sheen of perfect undeathly paleness.

She moved to the arms, running her hands through them like a comb, stripping away the useless excess muscle that would not look well on the form she had intended, a young girl looking exactly like her, and strengthening bone in the process.

Now when seen from the side, the corpse made an interesting contrast with its upper and lower halves. Below the waist it was entirely a rotted male zombie, but in front of Armatia was the figure of a pale young girl much like her in form.

She moved back again, stripped away the pants and the underwear with her graceful brute strength and dug into the waist with her hands, reshaping it with her aetheric powers. She pushed in the genitals creating a slit and elongated the waist, mending all the broken flesh and bone in the process, and cleansing the filth from the body, making it perfect where she passed.

'Just what could she do if she applied these powers to the living?' Chiras wondered, his appreciation for Armatia's capabilities growing tremendously by every pulling of sinew and every remolding of a bone.

Like on the arms, Armatia ran her hands through the legs like combs, except instead of striping away flesh, she added to it, making the girl's legs slender and strong, fit for leaping and running.

She finished feet last, making them dainty, and then finally done, she wiped the brow with her bare sleeve and exhaled. With a look of satisfaction, she got up to look at the corpse, which no longer looked like a corpse at all, but like an exact replica of her. Both of them were bare, and it was starting to build up his lust dangerously, which was strange because usually he had no trouble restraining himself.

He turned to face Armatia and clapped a little to clear his mind.

"Bravo, you are a true genius Armatia, a wonder!" He honestly praised her, clapping in her honor. Armatia just smiled, basking in the praise.

"Master please, I am still not done yet, and the crux of the lesson still has not even begun."

"Oh?" Chiras' face widened.

Armatia turned to the corpse.

"The next step is a bit more involved, but for a lack of better description, in this world, the soul is made of information and computation attached to a power source. The power source aspect of the soul does not matter for the moment, but information is like words in a book. What I am going to do is take the words in my soul and copy them to," she pointed at the girl lying on the ground "that corpse over there." Chiras had to admit that she lost him a little there.

"What do you mean?"

"I am going to make that corpse's soul into an exact replica of my own."

'...' Chiras stared at her blankly.

"You are going to make the corpse's soul into an exact replica of your own?"

"Yes." Chiras tilted his head a little in confusion at that response. He could not at all see where she was going with him. He supposed this ability could be dangerous, after all Armatia could make an army of her own replicas with it, but in that case why was she showing it to him? He was a skilled mage, but nowhere near Armatia's level.

"What for?" Armatia grinned at his question.

"To show you the purpose of life." She turned her head to look at the corpse next to her.

"To show you how to use death." The corpse started to stir and wake up.

"To show you how to oppose nature." The girl eyes snapped open. They were bloodshot predatory red, like a vampire's. She raised her legs and flicked her body upright. The girl looked like her twin as she stood next to Armatia, brushing her bare body against her sister's alluringly.

Armatia took off her cowl, and handed it to her successor. Then she moved to the tiled main path leading from the gates where the entered, stepping into the moonlight. Chiras thought that it was so beautiful how she was unblemished body was arrayed against the graves behind her. Then she kneeled, sat on her legs and folded her hands in front of her as if waiting for her executioner with a smile on her lips.

For just a moment, Chiras was aware of the cool wind rustling through trees behind the cemetery. Then all of a sudden, dropping like a bat, the blood eyed girl manifested behind Armatia with her fist raised like a hammer, glaring hostilities at her. Chiras only had a moment to realize what was happening, and then a sound like a lightning bolt clapping blasted through the air. The girl's fist impacted into the side of Armatia's head like a maul, blasting it from her shoulder into the cold stone floor below, turning it into fine bloody pulp and painting the grave to his side with a splash of blood.

Armatia's torso collapsed to the ground a like a bottle and red liquid spilt out from within.

Chiras felt his head swimming and his vision going red from the sight of blood. His heart felt like it would tear from his chest.

Even in her last moments, she was smiling.

An image of the man at the altar came to him. And of the upraised dagger, like the girl's fist. And the spilt red blood as it overflowed on the altar.

The girl in front turned her blood red eyes onto him, scowling with her hands tensed like claws. Her lips were turned into a frown and in her eyes Chiras could see barely contained murderous intent. Just then, Chiras realized that he was going to die. And yet, the feeling inside of him was pure, uncontested bliss.

Neither fear, nor sadness, but pure satisfaction that he never imagined could be felt in one's final moments.

"I will ask you this only once. Who am I?"

Why was she even asking him that? It was obvious.

"My servant, Armatia." Chiras answered. The haze lifted from his mind replaced with crystal clear clarity. He was absolutely certain that this answer was correct. But that did not matter...

With hands in his pockets, he Chiras strolled towards her casually with a grin. Faced with his confidence, the red eyed Armatia softened her features and smiled in defeat.

"Correct. Now do you see what necromancy is? It is-mph!" Before she could deliver a sermon that would connect the necromancer beliefs to power, Chiras stepped over the corpse next to her feet and suddenly silenced her with a kiss.

Suddenly ceased with an idea, it occurred to Chiras how he could invert the basic Pain spell to cause pleasure.

He decided to test it on Armatia.

"Mph-mph-mph!!!" As the spell did its work she suddenly stiffened against him and gripped at his shoulders for stability as their tongues intertwined.

"Aah!" She parted huskily, clearly flushed at his performance, but not making any movement in the slightest. "Master, I haven't finished yet! Please be patient a little more!"

"I understand. You wanted to explain to me that not all beliefs are created equal. I now understand why I Kikubaaqudgha was trying to tell me, and why I could not read the book. It is not the visions that the book showed me that were horrible, it was my reaction to them." And he leaned in closer to give her another dose of Pleasure, dearly desiring to desecrate her right here on the graves. His restraint was at its limit, any more and he would burst.

It was all her fault for tempting him so much.

"What is that?!" Suddenly a torch carrying silver haired guard, clad in chain mail spotted them from a beyond the gate. Chiras felt his blood pressure rising.

The guardsman started to squint, and from his perspective two shadows were standing up next to a grave with a corpse of what appeared to be a young woman splattered with blood next to them whose head had been torn off.

The shadows turned towards him and the guard saw baleful red and topaz shines within their dark depths where instead of faces.

"N-Ne..." his hands trembled as he reached for the blade at his hip. "NECROMANCERS!" He exclaimed. "NECROMANCERS!" He hollered once more, practically trembling and clattering in his armour.

"H-hold and p-prepare to meet you maker, f-foul servants of d-darkness!" He swallowed.

As for Chiras, he himself was nearly trembling too, but for an entirely different reason. He could see red again and desired nothing to see the guard die in utmost agony for interrupting his night with Armatia. Focusing all of his aetheric power, Chiras prepared to drain the guard's life away using Pain when a devious idea reached the surface of his mind, and his frown turned into a sinister smirk.

Why drown him in agony when he could just as easily drown him in pleasure. He might have been a necromancer, but he was not evil. Why not let the man experience a moment of ultimate bliss before goes to meet his false Gods?

Focusing his aetheric energies that were like baleful bluish flames as they rose around his form, he cast the spell and a scream of agony erupted from the guard, surprising Chiras.

"AAAAAAAAAAHHH!" The guard's form convulsed in agony, as his scream reverberated throughout the night, but his spirit did not break. Even throughout the pain, the man's blue eyes became more solid and his form more imposing. He grit his teeth and with his hands firmly on the sheathed blade, the man decried the evil summoning all of his considerable will.

"Hold in the name of Zin the Righteous, you scum! You will pay for what you did to that girl! I will bring you to justice or my name is not Ring Ensdiv!" As Chiras watched the man, he leapt ontop of the chain barring the gate and then jumped off it to grasp the top of the gates. Before he could blink, the man vaulted over the top and landed on their side in a crouch. His blade gleamed off the moonlight as it came out of its sheath, and then the heroic guard ran towards him like a tiger, intent on running him through.

Chiras' self preservation instincts kicked in and immediately he blasted the guard with Pleasure once more, fully intending to kill him this time.

"UUUUURGH!!!" The man convulsed for a moment, and mustering all of the force in his indomitable soul, he grit his teeth and spat out a threat.

"Your spells will not break my spirit! Die!" He yelled, placing both of his hands on the blade intending to run him through!

Chiras could only stand helplessly in shock as the hero came into range, and just in the nick of time before his blade could connect with his skin, Armatia's whisked him away once more like before, saving him and leaping dozens of meters across on top of the railing.

"Stop running, coward!" The valorous guard waved his blade in threat. Chiras grimaced at the thought of facing him again.

"Get me out of here!" He ordered Armatia, and she did as instructed, leaping off the gates on the tiled roof of one of the nearby houses and into the street behind.

"Aaah! What is that!" He heard the voice of a woman.
"Oooh! This is-it's the necromancer!" He turned to just as the black haired man armed with a spear and dressed in chain mail hollered that.

"S-S-Stop!" The guardswoman's voice quivered as she clumsily hefted her spear.

"G-Give up!" The man gave her all of the support he could muster. "Let's run." Out of the corner of his mouth, the man suggested it to her. Chiras did not miss that. A bit distraught from the earlier onslaught, he decided to wipe away the dishonor here.

Freeing himself from Armatia's grasp and standing upright, he raised his hand menacingly and intoned, "Die." A wave of unholy pain and torment washed over the two weaklings.

"AAAAAAAAHHH!!!"
"AAAAAAAARRRGGHHH!!!" The two screams were truly a beautiful sonnet to his ears, but this time Chiras immediately sensed that something was wrong. Why were they screaming in pain, when he used Pleasure?

From a moment, the two looked as if they would fall to their knees, defeated by the foul necromancer's evil power, but then they stood upright with courage in their hearts.

Chiras grimaced as he realized the pattern was repeating.

As one, they stepped forward and pointed their spears at him.

"You evil power will not crush my spirit!" The woman yelled with fire in her heart. The lights of the stars were the witness to her graceful elegance.

"In the name of the Shinning One I order you to submit to justice, vile fiend!" The man commanded, standing imperious like a boulder of solid muscle as he hefted the spear on his side.

"Justice is on our side" The charged at him, extremely motivated to skewer him.

Once again, Armatia swept him into her arms and leapt into safety over the top of a nearby house. Chiras felt like he was going to be sick, both from the motion and from the goodness in their hearts.

"I have you now!" The silver haired hero he did not want to meet again happened to be near where they landed. Instead of leaping again, Armatia ran into the street opposite from him.

"Ah, a shadow!"
"Oh, no!"
"I-I'll provide rear support!" He ran into another group of guards who were moving to investigate the screams.

He sensed their fear, and acting on instinct, he blasted them again with Pleasure.

"I am afraid of no monster!"
"Zin guide my blade!"
"Have at you!"

They started chasing them again. Running with incredible agility despite her frame and speed despite her cargo, Armatia silently dashed through the shadowed streets and rounded a corner.

"Found you!" She met valorous pair again, nearly bowling into them.

She swiftly rounded into an alley, easily evading the thrusts of their spears.

The silver haired hero closed them off on the other side. Not deterred in the slightest, Armatia jumped onto the vertical house wall on the side and bounced off it into the one a few meters away on the opposite side, while carrying a grown man in her arms. She wall hopped several times and blasted upwards through the air onto the roof and continued running. In the distance, Chiras could hear the murmur of the crowd as the whole town had started to awaken.

"There he is! I see it!" One of the observers below had accidentally spotted them.

"Get us back to our room..." He ordered her as confidently as a grown man possibly could while in the arms of a girl. Being carried by Armatia was enjoyable, apart from the blow to his pride. Armatia's gait was smooth and effortless, and Chiras felt no bobbing at all unlike when he rode a horse; it almost felt as if he was floating along the ground.

A couple arrows struck the tiles behind him.

"It is getting away!"
"Death to the necromancers!" Torches and spears awaited them below, as the crowd was roused into a frenzy of righteousness.

Avoiding arrows and spears, Armatia deftly crossed over the gaps between buildings leapt into the forest beyond.

"Catch it!"
"May light burn away the darkness!" The crowd of undead hunters followed her, eager to dispense justice.

In the sky above, a cloud passed over the moon and the celestial stars took no notice of the hectic night in their ethereal gleam.

Half an hour later, Armatia (whose eyes and skin have changed to their usual green and light from red and milky) and Chiras returned back to his room. As Chiras went to sit on the bed and wearily rubbed his face, Armatia closed the door behind him, not making a motion to leave. Chiras scowled at her, annoyed at the tonight's emasculating handling of him.

As if under heat, Armatia fidgeted in place as if she knew she did something bad, which shot up his pressure through the roof.

"This way all your fault!" Chiras blamed her, not reciting exactly what her fault was. He did not even care at this point; all that he was certain of is that she needed to be punished!

"Eh...ah...but, master...-!" She squirmed in her spot.

"No excuses!" He got up from his seat and towered over her.

"Ah-!" He grabbed her by the hand and pulled her to the bed. Tears started to stream down her face, but he paid it no heed in his dark cruelty.

"What in Kiku's name are you wearing!?" He finally confronted about her about her wayward dress code! It felt good and righteous somehow. His hands roamed around her body and moved her into the proper position to deliver his punishment.

"I-I am so-ah!" She squealed as his palm slapped her juicy ass from behind.

"Are female necromancers some kind of whores!?" His voice thundered throughout the room.

"No, I-!"

"Silence!" He impacted her ass again with all the force he could muster.

"..." She was as quiet as a statue.

"Armatia, tell me, who is your master?"

"You are."

"And who is the slave?" He continued mentally dominating her.

"...I, my master Chiras." Chiras grinned.

"Good, good," he continued squeezing her behind, "now show me the proof of your submission." Not moving from her bent over position, Armatia reached under her skirt and pulled down her black lacy underwear.

For a moment, Chiras wondered whether it would be possible to reverse the spell Excruciating Wounds and use it on his Scepter of Power.

---

"Mmh..." Beyond his closed eyelids Chiras could see the light intruding and hear the chirping of birds outside. He moved to roll over on the bed, when his hand touched something...something soft.

His mind still addled by slumber, he felt the thing out; it felt soft and smooth like a woman's skin...his eyes snapped wide open!

Armatia's brightly smiling face greeted him, her green eyes twinkling in the morning daze.

"Good morning, master!" She chirped, happier than any morning bird. Her face inched closer and Chiras felt her peck him on the lips. Immediately, he jolted bolt upright as if he had been branded with a hot poker. Memories of her lesson at the cemetery, of her death, of the chase and...of last night came into his consciousness like hot firebrands.

"Iiieee!" Chiras screamed and kicked Armatia out of the bed violently, while clutching the covers to his chest to protect his modesty. Armatia tumbled to the floor nude and look at him with confusion written on her face.

"You harlot! How dare you seduce me! Oh Ilinsea, what have I done!?" He felt like crying.

"Master, I-" His self pitying was interrupted by Armatia piping up. His sadness became molten hot like lava as he realized she was still there.

"Why are you still here!? Out!" Grasping the covers protectively in front of himself, Chiras got out of the bed and kicked at her. Armatia scrambled back frantically on her back to avoid him.

"Out! Out! Begone you whore!" He closed in on her and grabbed her by the arm, raising her upright.

"Get out you whore!" He hauled her to the door.

"Master my clo-!" He slammed the door in her face mightily. Then he went back to his bed to cry in repentance at his unfaithfulness, ignoring the beating at his door.

"Master, open up-!" Outside, the other patrons had started to poke their heads out from the doorways to see what rackets was. What they saw was the exposed form of Armatia as she frantically beat on the door, trying to get her master to let her in. She sensed several different gazes hungrily scanning over her body. Turning around against the door and blushing profusely, she meekly covered her modesty and made a beeline to her own room two floors up like an exhibitionist.

"My lady-!" She zoomed past Lucius, who was now clean-shaven and well dressed on his way down to the dining room.

"Uh, oh-" She startled Roderick who was also decided to make his way down the stairs.

"So I said-" Time and Nascisa were talking to a few women out in the hall when Armatia barged in on them, letting them see her shame. Their piercing blank stares followed her all the way to her room. She slammed the door behind her as if warding off their judgment.

---

'That whore, that fucking whore...'

Alone in his room, after he had calmed down, Chiras wondered about last night.

'Die villain!' the voice of the silver haired hero echoed in his head. He regretted attacking him now, and not just because he interrupted him from desec-, making love to Armatia next to the corpse during the middle of the night in a graveyard.

According to his calculation, the inverted Pain spell should have laid him out for good, instead it caused him pain and reenergized him...

He had no idea what went wrong, but it would be easy to find out. He just had to use the spell on himself.

He sat himself on the bed and braced himself, mentally preparing not to scream in case the spell proved to be unexpectedly potent. It would be humiliating if he started yelling at the top of his lungs.

Gathering his aether, he formed the Pleasure spell and cast it at himself.

"MMMmmmm-mmmmmhhh!!!" He squealed out through gritted teeth. His eyes watered and his vision wavered as if every pain receptor in his body became active all at once. Indescribable pain, agony and torment flooded his very being and he felt like his very soul would leave him. Only his mighty will managed to keep him from yelling out.

"Mmmmmhhhh!!! I can do it! I can do it!" He jumped off the bed and started pacing around his room rapidly. Then he started prancing around and skipping, unable to keep still, his being flushed with energy and his mind whizzing with ideas.

"Hmm, interesting, most interesting. It hurt like hell, but for some reason I feel...rejuvenated." He thoughtfully analyzed with one hand on his chin. In contrast to the rest of his body, which was skipping around like an overexcited little boy, his face was calm and collected as if he was reading a book in a library.

He thought about using the spell again and for some reason, he felt like he really should try it once more. Using his mighty, impregnable will Chiras forced himself to sit on the bed once more, only his feet disobeyed him as they tapped on the floor in unconstrained excitement, and then he summoned the spell once more in his mind and cast it at himself.

"MmmmHHHH-AAAAAAHHH!!!" An unholy wave of supernatural wave washed over his soul and body, pulling him into the depths of despair.

"AAAAAAAAAGGHHH!!!" His spirit broke free of the spell! "I CANNOT BE STOPPED! I CAN NOT BE STOPPED!" He yelled at the top of his lungs baring his will for all the world to see! He bolted upright on the bed and started bouncing up and down like on a trampoline, shaking the desk and the chair and the antiques on the shelves in the room he was in.

Showing the world his power, he did a back flip, and then he did a front flip! He could not be stopped!

His feet touched the mattress of the bed and he bounced mightily into an awe inspiring summersault and landed into a perfect crouch. Of course, perfect needn't even be written, everything he does is perfect!

"AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" He started running towards the opposite wall and doing flips and handsprings, spinning his body like a wheel.

"AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA!" He yelled, ran up the wall and did a little back spin, before miraculously landing on his legs like a cat. Fuck Armatia, she had nothing on him!

For a moment, he seemed a little unsteady on his feet as dizziness overcame him, but he could not be stopped! His spirit could not be stopped!

He started jumping around the room and flipping himself, the very foundation of the building shaking with each of his mighty footsteps. He jumped off walls, off the desk, off shelves. They collapsed pitifully, not being able to withstand his effortless, transcendent artisanism of motion!

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" He spun with the chair in his arms imagining that she was Ilinsea and let it go, hurling it through the glass windows into the street outside.

He continued his dance, like an energized bunny, feeling the youngest he had in ages.

"Hah...hah...hah...hah...hah..." Beads of sweat dripped down his face, as he finally calmed down a little.

"Phew..." He surveyed the damage. It was like a cyclone went through the room; the red carpet on the floor was strewn into a corner, revealing the wooden boards beneath, the antique ceramic vases on the shelves were lying in a pile of broken shards on the floor and the shelves had collapsed of their hinges and would need to be nailed back in. On the opposite side the dresser was overturned, the darkly tinted hardwood desk was still in place, but a large piece had broken off and the chair was missing. As he looked at the window, which now had a large hole in it, he realized where it went. And to finish it off the bed was bent from his superb jumping and springs were sticking out of the mattress.

With his hand on his chin, Chiras thoughtfully analyzed his predicament. The room was completely busted due to his experiment, he calmly concluded.

"Hmm..." How will he ever explain this to the innkeeper?

Even in such difficult his keen mind found an answer. Just tell him he was a mage and that he was experimenting on a new spell. Tell him it is to quiet people down, but it obviously did not work.

He smiled at his brilliance. Truly he was an impeccable genius!

The only question was what should he do now? Probably get down to dinner.

...

He got the urge to try the spell again, one last time just to make sure. The spell was painful, but for some reason the pain almost felt pleasant. It was like a paradox that needed to be further investigated.

But...he surveyed the damage again. Maybe he could say that he was attacked by a necromancer?

...

'Ahh, what the Hell?' He used the spell again.

---

In the room adjacent to Chiras', lady de Tilmarande was shivering under the covers of her bed praying to Zin for salvation as she listened to screams and yelling of a madman coming from the a room close to hers outside.

"Zin said that faithfulness shall be the law of the land, and..." she recited Zin's axioms.

"AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA!!!" The crazed, insane laughter of a madman came to her ears, but her faith in the Lawgiver warded her.

"Those who turn to unfaithfulness shall be expelled. This was fair..." The white haired lady reverently intoned.

"I AM FREE!!! FREE!!!"

"...and just. And not a voice dissented." She finished reciting Apostates 7:13 and took a few moments to catch her breath.

*BOOM*

The floors of her own room rumbled as a loud bang of a fireball exploding came to her ears, "AHAHAHAHAHA!!!" and she could hear shattering sounds from outside. She dared not peek beyond covers.

She cleared her throat and prepared to recite Apostates 23:74.

"Zin hath not damned the heretics, but it is they..."

"THE BLACK SUN!!!" She shivered clutching the uprivix in between her hands, but she continued reciting, her voice cracking only a little.

"...t-that have damned themselves f-for their doubt, for..."

"FUCK THIS WORLD!!!" Another explosion rumbled from the other side. The good lady speed up her recital dearly hoping for salvation. A creaking of the board could be heard coming from the other room.

"...did Zin not decree that to be doubting was wrong?" The lady finished and divine vigor lifted her spirits a little. "AHAHAHAHAHA!!!" With strength of lungs that would make an adventurer green with envy, she reintensified her reciting, clutching the uprivix until her knuckles were nearly white.

Then the insane laughter and the shaking turned into silence, and the lady waited for a moment and realized that this was her chance to finally escape.

She bolted out under the covers and hesitating a little before turning the knob, she gripped it and exited into the hallway.

"WOOOOOOO!!!" The madman screamed again.

---

"Hah...hah...hah...hah...hah..." Chiras wiped the sweat from his brow and he felt somewhat tired. He had to admit that even he will have to stop soon... Behind him there was a large hole where the wall should have been. Another failed experiment. It occurred to Chiras that he could probably invert the Fireball spell like he did the Pain spell...only it turned out that he couldn't.

It made sense at the time.

Behind him, he could sense a crowd gathering outside the inn wondering what the ruckus was.

Then he got the urge to try the spell again. His reason was telling him not to.

But his instincts were telling him yes, full speed ahead.

...

He actually did it; he cast the spell of inverted Pain once more.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!" The pain powered him, made him stronger! And all the enemies in his room (the furniture) have been defeated! Only one remained!

The door.

'Hmmm...I wonder if I launch myself with enough speed, will I be able to break the door down.' He thoughtfully, calmly and analytically analyzed the situation, his keen and impeccable mind ferreting out the physical secrets and comparing the thickness of the door in his mind with what it knew about wood.

'The difference between practice and theory is that in theory there is no difference.' His keen and brilliant mind invented a new saying on Endwarnys!

He backed away from the door so he could distance for a decent running start and then like a human projectile, he launched himself unstoppably forward. Dashing with everlasting force, he let his feet off the ground and reformed them into a majestic flying kick!

"WOOOOOOO!!!" A scream of primal badassness ripped out from he throat as he soared through the air. His foot impacted the wooden boards...and they crumpled like twigs!

Chiras burst into the hallway outside.

"Huuuuu." He inhaled deeply as he stood upright, his muscles practically bursting with power, so much that he amazed himself. He gazed at the onlooker, a white haired lady, who was looking at him with hushed awe and terror in her eyes. Her lithe form quivered as she looked on to him and in response, he raised his fist into the air as a sign of victory.

Not being able to withstand his glory, the lady quickly turned on her heels and sprinted away.

---

After coming down a little from his mania, a part of him that still had the presence of mind to note that he was now in deep trouble also had the presence of mind to note that he had a lot of confidence right now, which combined with Armatia's mental manipulation prowess should be good in convincing the proprietor of the establishment to not lock him away.

Not having any option or even intention of running, Chiras placed his hands in his pockets and calmly and confidently strolled down the stairwell onto the main floor.

With a grin, he glanced at the crowd that had gathered below. Even those who had ignored the yelling coming from him upstairs had started to gather at the counter after hearing the explosion.

Some of the people started to pivot towards him as he emerged barraging him with questions.

"What was that!?"
"Was there an attack?"
"Necromancers, were they the necromancers? I thought I heard somebody scream Black Sun?"
"The Shinning One protect us!"

"What in the four Hells is going on here!?" The captain of the guard barged in through the entrance with two men in tow, with a grim looking expression on his unshaven face and dark bags under his eyes. He looked like he missed two nights of sleep in the last few days.

"Necromancers!" One of the patrons yelled out and then havoc started to play loose.

The proprietor of the inn a well dressed if shifty looking man with a thin moustache finally pushed his way out from the crowd and made his way to the captain.

"There is a madman on the loose in this building!" He explained.

"It's him! It is him!" Lady de Tilmarande pointed him out from the crowd. The heads started to turn towards him, but unflappable to the utmost, he ignored the crowd and made his way to the proprietor Polard and the guard captain who he did not know by name yet in order to resolve the situation. He understood instinctively that his eyes and voice were his best weapons in this situation and he had the will to use them.

"Greetings!" Chiras grinned. "There has been an accident, please follow me upstairs." He lead the way upwards through the crowd, not waiting for their permission.

"What kind of accident?" The proprietor asked, not having any other choice but to follow him.

"A magical one." He confidently voiced over his shoulder, leading them on.

"You stay back!" The guard captain ordered the crowd that had started to follow them and the two guards by his side barred them from following up the staircase.

Upstairs, as soon as the proprietor saw the room, he nearly fainted and the guard captain started to draw his sword to arrest him, but then Armatia showed up with a bag of gold in her arms.

He and Polard became the best of friends after that.

They parted on cordial terms.

---

Two days later...

"Were are almost there, just over that hill!" Chiras yelled out over the din of the wind rushing past his ears, gripping the reins tightly. His trusty steed, the windmare, was a specially breed horse with magical abilities for mobility and with every beating of the hooves the horse leapt a dozen feet into the air as it whizzed through the countryside.

Off to the side he could see Armatia's long hair blowing wildly in the wind and a satisfied look on the face as her windmare soared next to him along the path and he could sense the rest of his party not far behind.

The windsteed trudged off the ground and upwards into the sky, easily parting the air in front of it with its aetheric power and clearing the bend.

The sight that unfolded before him was that of his bellowed city Galsanmour, founded by ancestor 340 years ago.

A walled settlement of about ten thousand large that made most of its trade from the quarries and the mines of both gold and iron in the mountains to the southwest that were owned by Chiras' family. The city however was located a few kilometers away from them and overlooked a verdant forest to the east.

"It's the lord!" One of the guards on the watchtowers spotted his figure in the distance.

"The lord is here!"
"Raise the gates!" The guards hollered as soon as they spotted him and his party on their windsteed. The word started to spread around.

The horses soared and plunged like comets over the gravel road, moving with unnatural speed and agility as if the laws of reality were bent around their forms. Their riders' cloaks billowing like scarves behind them.

Chiras and Armatia entered side by side at trot accompanied by Lucius, Roderick, Nascisa and Time close behind. As he stepped through the guard immediately greeted him jovially.

"Hello, lord!"
"Welcome back, my liege!"
"Trouble? No trouble at all!" He made small talk with the guard for a bit and then went deeper into the city. People started to greet him on the street and poke their heads out from windows.

"It's the lord!" The smiled as they looked at him.
"The lord has come back!" Seeing their faces uplifted his mood and he waved at them as he passed.

"Who is that by his side?" He already heard some of the women start to gossip.

"Did lord take a mistress while she was abroad? She is so pretty...I do not think I stand a chance." Chiras looked at the middle aged married woman and laughed gregariously.

"Ahahahah, do not give up just yet my lady Madeline!" He turned to crowd that had so graciously greeted him. "Everyone, meet Lucius Rottirdin, the hero of Etismial Pass." He introduced his new companion with a wave. Lucius moved next to him and nodded his head a bit. Clean shaven and well clothed, he looked like an entirely different person now, proud and dignified.

"Greetings. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance." Gasps went throughout the crowd, and people were starting to gather around to give their greetings now that the procession had stopped.

"I once fought at Iril's side for the good of Chromid and now I serve my lady Armatia who serves master Chiras. I hope to start a new life here in Galsanmour." He explained with a kind smile, rubbing his tired steed's mane for comfort.

"Wow, it is really him! I thought he was dead!"

"Yeah, but the lady next to him is quite a beauty too, I wonder how the lord managed to find them. Is Lucius her bodyguard?"

"Amazing! Is it true that you were outnumbered twenty to one? How did the battle go?" One of the men asked Lucius.

"That is..." Not liking where that conversation was leading, Chiras decided to interrupt and introduce Armatia.

"Good citizens, lest I forget, meet Armatia Infinitas, a mage greater than myself and possibly the greatest healer any age has ever seen!" He declared.

Still on her horse, Armatia did a little bow towards the crowd.

"Ohhh!" A few appreciative claps rang out through the crowd. A brown eyed woman in her 30s and a long city woman's dress pushed her way to the front and cupped her hands in front of her in supplication.

"Please, mistress Armatia, my name is Talis. Could you visit me and take a look at my son. He is feeling very ill, but the healers do not know what is wrong with him!" She begged Armatia with all the heart she could muster. Armatia nodded in response.

"I will visit you later this day, I swear." She promised and then turned to the rest of the crowd.

"Good citizens of Galsanmour, I am Armatia Infinitas and I hail from lands faraway from here!" Armatia raised her voice, intending to make an impression. "During the past decade you have been through countless tragedies due to disease and Underworld incursion. The undead have risen; famine ravages the land overseas, and crazed demoniacs call forth demons from beyond the planes. And five days ago the black sun appeared!" The crowd listened intently. Armatia's voice was deep and confident as she towered over them on her exquisite windsteed.

"My master Chiras called me a healer, but I can do so much more! While I am here I won't rest a wink! I will first heal the wounds in your bodies and then in your heart! And after that..." she breathed in for emphasis.

"I will make you strong enough so that even the lords of Hell and Pandemonium won't be able to stand against you!" Armatia's words were almost hypnotic and Chiras could see that each and every one of them believed her. After a few moments, roars of appreciation went through the crowd.

"Let's go," she turned to him and whispered. Chiras took the lead and as if by magic the crowd parted for them.

Below the blue skies, the six of them calmly made their way through the streets to the Galsanmour manor that lied at the other end.

Deep inside the manor, in a dark lightless basement, inside a chained, warded and locked chest, chilling the very air around it, the Book of the Dead Names was waiting for Chiras.

Waiting for him to come and become one of the Inspired.

---

The night came...and the door to the basement opened. Conjuring a globe of light that followed him and lighted his way down the eerie creaky steps, Chiras carefully made his way down. Moving past the items that were the personal belongings of his ancestors stowed away into various boxes, Chiras came to the chest where the sealed book was hidden away.

Even merely thinking about that dreadful tome made his break out in cold sweat and he felt a lump at the pit of his stomach, but now that he was here it was time to face his demons.

He remembered the spell Armatia had taught him that would permanently change him into a true necromancer.

'If you do not like the changes, once you master the soul manipulation techniques, you will be able to revert them whenever you wish.'

'We were interrupted last time before I could finish, so let me say this...soul manipulation in stories is often used by the villains for nefarious purposes to enslave others against their will.'

'Try to reimagine mind control or soul manipulation as it is called in this world. Instead of thinking of it as a tool to force other to do things that they do not want, think of it as a tool that changes your internal perception of the world, that makes you capable of liking things that you hate and hating things that you like. A tool that can give you completely new desires. A tool that can vastly increase the effectiveness of your training and the keenness of your cognition.'

'Soul manipulation is the key to self improvement. It IS self improvement...'

'...and, I'll continue the lesson on how to train properly after you actually become capable of doing so. Never do again what you did at the inn. Moron.'

Despite the wackiness of what happened at Winterstein, Armatia can be chilling when she wanted to. And nothing brought forth the sheer dread of death and the horror of necromancy in him than the memory of that day the temple that was like a living nightmare, the very embodiment of the dark God's dreadful essence.

The key in his hand trembled as he neared it to the chained lock on the chest and sweat poured down his face as he thought upon what he is going to do.

"Aah!" Yelping and grimacing in fear and unease, Chiras dropped the key on the floor and did not at all feel like searching for it. His whole body shivered and shook merely by being in same room with the book.

He did not at all want to be the kind of person that he was that night when Armatia showed him her fleshcrafting prowess - the one who thought of those ugly monstrosities that were undead corpses as beautiful, that saw death as power and desecration as pleasant. Armatia was not right in the head either to tempt him like that by undressing. Did she want him to ravish her in a graveyard during the middle of the night? There was no other explanation other than that and that made him uneasy about dealing with her.

'This spell is not the same as the one I did at the graveyard. It will just make it much easier for you to suppress the painfulness and fear of death. It will allow you to really start to use necromancy for the first time.'

'You will be able to stop being an animal and start being the captain of your own ship and the master of your soul.'

'Chiras, you, me, and anyone else do not really have a choice in this. If you are standing at the edge of the cliff and the fall below leads to certain death it is natural to avoid it.'

'But this is different. Every path, but this one leads to certain death.'

'And this one...goes right through it.'

Chiras collected what was left of his tattered courage and focused all of his aetheric energies on the spell his teacher Armatia had taught him. As he did so, her face appeared behind his eyes.

She was smiling at him.

His whole body felt like it was burning and against his every instinct, he completed the spell and almost immediately felt himself change. With a dramatic sweep of his arm, Chiras banished the dread whispers in his mind into the oblivion. Unhesitatingly, with his long fingers, he grasped the key of the floor and inserted it into the lock. He tore away the chains, slammed the chest open and grasped the book once more.

Almost immediately he could feel the pressure on his mind intensify by a thousand fold. In his hands, the book felt like human skin and he could feel a heartbeat from within as it pulsated and throbbed. His ears sense the barely suppressed agony of the endless number of souls trapped between the folds of pages as they cried blood and vainly struggled to escape their torment.

The intensity of emotion felt like a blade fresh out of a forge was being jabbed right into his gut. He wanted to collapse on the floor and cry in agony from the sheer pain of it.

The sensation lasted only a moment.

His will became like steel and the wave of unholy torment washed off him. The blade broke off and disappeared into nothingness.

He turned to the first page and his mind was hurled through the deep abyss into that at the temple. The memories returned.

+*Open it and you will realize how insignificant you truly are mortal!*+ Kikubaaqudgha's rasp echoed once more through his ears.

A million razor sharp needle blades impacted his every nerve...pain is just an impulse.

He saw Ilinsea die a thousand times...he put her behind him.

He saw the stars go silent...his own light was brighter then them.

He saw Beethoven's coffin being lowered into the grave and see the transformation of life into nothingness by time. Even the Eternal Finality could not faze him.

He saw himself in the mirror grow old and withered, just like his grandfather. He tore out his heart. The sun grew black.

Useless meaningless imagery. Even the death of all living things could not faze him.

Chiras walked through a hall lit by black torches and emerged into darkness of a room with a bloody altar. Laying on it was man he knew well. He walked up the stone steps to the podium of the altar and from within his black robes he removed a slender dagger and raised it, poising it to strike. Light from the torches glinted of its edge. He looked into the man's azure eyes one last time before delivering the death blow.

Chiras plunged the dagger into his own chest.

The man was smiling. His azure blue eyes were sparkling.

And Chiras' expression mirrored his.

In basement of the Galsanmour manor, The Book of the Dead Names gave a futile final wail like a banshee, trying to detach his soul from its moorings. The boxes, the shelves, the floor and the ceiling surrounding his form erupted into black umbral flames and out of the corner of his eyes he could see the monstrous, flickering shadows coming closer, their jagged maws opening wide in order to devour him.

The enormous gust of the demonically hot, lethal wind emanating from the Book that ruptured reality itself asunder felt like a soft, gentle breeze as it crashed against the titanic will of soul.

And then even that breeze disappeared into nothingness. The flames and the living shadows turned out to be mere illusions. And this time it was the book that shivered and screamed as it faced his Inspired Will.

The Book submitted to it.

Calmly, illuminated by a tiny floating globe light above him, he sat on the closed chest next to him and immersed himself into the necromantic lore within.

'What is the spell called?' The memory of Armatia talk nearly came to a finish. Strangely, despite being so confident up to now, Armatia looked away into the air and had to puzzle out the question for a bit before answering, but when she did, she did so with grin.

'Necromutation.'

---

'Huh?' No longer in the basement, Chiras looked around puzzled by what had happened.

The sky above was gray and ashen. The dark cumulonimbus clouds rumbled above and lightning streaked from their electrified bodies with the rumbling of thunder, but unnaturally, no rain would come. As Chiras looked downwards from the sky at the strange landscape he suddenly found himself in, his gaze fell upon enormous stone and glass towers that surely could not be manmade because their stone was smooth and continuous in ways that he had never witnessed.

Their walls seemed to be broken and crumpled in places and bits of iron rods poked from the inside like the ribs from a corpse and the glass was shattered in places. Despite never seeing them before, Chiras could guess that this was not how they were supposed to look.

The floor where his boots were touching the ground was likewise smooth and continuous gray stone of unknown composition and a thin white line ran straight through the middle of the road separating the two halves. Next to him, to the right was a rusted white metallic contraption of some sort with wheels.

Chiras remembered Armatia telling him stories about her own world; surely these vehicles must be the metal carriages she talked about.

"Hello!" His voice passed through the empty city. Only the distant rumble of thunder and the cold howl of the wind responded to his calls. After admiring the towers in the distance for a while longer, Chiras looked at his immediate surroundings, and notice several much smaller residences that were functionalist in appearance, and despite their age and disrepair seemed inhabitable.

An ethereal sign manifested next to him like a phantasmal visage, pointing into the yard of a nearby house, toward the main door. From above droplets of rain started dropping on his face, and Chiras decided to follow the glowing arrow instead of wandering around blindly.

He stepped on the paved sidewalk and past the wooden fence when another sign pointed him away from the main entrance and towards the side of the house. Taking a short look inside through the half broken window as he passed and noting all the wondrous metallic appliances, he stifled his curiosity and went around the building, following the signs that appearing in the air until he came at the entrance of a basement.

Above him thunder roared and the trickle started to turn into a downpour. Feeling wetness on his hair, he hurriedly paced down the steps and turned the knob to the thick steel gate below. He escaped into the room and closed the door behind him. Almost immediately, he felt much warmer and comfortable inside like he had returned home from a long day's work, and a stale musky smell greeted his nostrils that was nonetheless pleasant and familiar, making him feel at ease. He went down the three wooden steps and looked around. There were all sorts of curious contraptions on the walls and in the middle of the room was a table set for two.

"Hello, Chiras." Armatia greeted him, resting her cheek on fist and leaning on the armrest of her black fiber chair, scowling at him in irritation.

The basement room was decorated in all sorts of interesting contraptions, but he decided to wait before inquiring further. Armatia nodded at his seat and Chiras took it, making himself comfortable. As he came closer to the source, he immediately sensed that the warmth seemed to be radiated from a white coiled metallic device next to the table.

"Hello Armatia, you seem in a sour mood. Where is this?" Suspended in the air above the table, a crystal shard stood still. No light reflected off its surface and it seemed like a pitch black hole in reality.

"The Limbo. And yes, I am in a sour mood because I made a mistake with you. I never expected you to just go and experiment on yourself with the reversed Pain spell. Idiot. My opinion of your intelligence was clearly too high." She chastised him, eyeing him askance.

"How else was I supposed to test it? It is not like I could just ask for volunteers, and the only people I used it on seemed to be fine." Chiras defended himself.

"And that is why you decided to indulge in your curiosity? If it were not for my manipulations on that day in Winterstein the crowd would have hanged you on the gallows with no trial. Testing pleasure spells on yourself is a very easy way to become a permanent addict. At least, with pain you learn after the first time. Not so with pleasure. Consider yourself died once." Armatia lifted her head and straightened her posture. She was dressed in only a thin short sleeved shirt that had some runes scrawled in front of her chest, that seemed indecent like her usual wardrobe, but like everything else it hugged her figure alluringly and wore blue men's denim trousers that matched the curves of her slender legs. Before he could further raise an objection to her dress choices Armatia continued.

"Well, do not take it too hard. It is my fault as your guardian for letting my attention slip. That is something I will correct right here and now." She drummed her fingers on the hardwood surface and bid the shard to come hither. It floated in the middle of the table.

"This shard is the Game of Torment, the reality in which Endwarnys resides."

"I thought I was dead for a moment there. What is the Limbo, and what is the Game of Torment?" He asked.

"Limbo is the imaginary plane of existence I created just for ambience. The city outside is a ruined husk based off one in my own world after Walsanirs purged it of life. Until I kill them all, I will continue playing the Game that is Torment."

'Uh, did she say they purged it of life?' Chiras' eyebrow shot up at the last two sentences.

"Torment is the name of the universe you live in Chiras."

"Uh, hold on, did you say Walsanirs purged your world of life?" Chiras had to ask. Armatia's lips turned into a soul chilling grin.

"Are you curious? Huhuhuh...don't worry, they just got me by surprise. They did kill my friends and family and the whole of humanity, but it is not a big deal." She said it so plainly that it boggled Chiras' mind. "I will resurrect them later after I finish cleaning the universe of hostilities." It took a while for him to process what she said, but after he did, his heart nearly flipped in his chest. She implied, no plainly stated that resurrection was in her power.

"Resurrect, did you say resurrect Armatia?" He slammed his hands on the table and leaned forward, staring deeply into her eyes. He felt nearly dizzy at the possibility.

"The reason I can do that in my world is because I have their mind states stored safely on my core. I can't do that for your universe, but..." Armatia stared upward and spent a few moments in thought. She came to a decision and her gaze met his.

"Why don't you do it yourself?" Armatia told him. Suddenly Chiras could feel a great weight bearing down on him. "Become strong enough and you will be able to resurrect your dead wife, become strong enough and you will be able to bend the laws that make this world to your will. That is what being a necromancer means. It means attaining power at the cost of anything. And that anything will be your own life Chiras."

"Look." Chiras felt his mind being drawn into the shard, and he floated through the endless blackness, into Endwarnys and into the Galsanmour Manor. In the basement, illuminated by a single globe of light overhead, he could see his own body intently focused on the Book of the Dead Names as he sat on the chest, dressed in his nobleman's clothing. Time seemed to be frozen in place and everything around the room to his senses seemed as still as ice.

"I'll resume..." On cue, he could see the shadows around the room move as the globe of light overhead bobbed lightly and he could hear occasional sounds coming from above. After a minute, the Chiras on the chest closed the book, finished with it and got up.

"Pause." The scene changed back to the basement.

"That was interesting..."

"I've made a copy of your soul and brought it here into the Limbo. You are not the same person as him." He was prepared for that, the book described spells for reading, writing and copying souls. He understood now what Armatia meant that his power would come at the expense of his own life.

"I understand. Did you do this to make it easier for me?" Armatia nodded to Chiras' question.

"Thank you."

"Don't thank me yet, you have not even started." She grinned, making small talk. "Aligning your goals with the whole of your being is the best feeling in the whole of existence."

"Nevertheless, I will. Also I need to apologize for what I did to you at Winterstein. Despite your manner, you have had nothing but my best intentions at heart and asked nothing in return. I should not have humiliated you like that." Chiras apologized.

"Chiras, do you trust me?" Armatia quizzed him.

"Yes, I do Armatia."

"Good, that means that the mental changes I did on you worked correctly." Chiras guffawed.

"Hahaha, yes, you did a good job Armatia!" Chiras praised her amidst laughter. Armatia beamed at his reaction.

"By the way, I wanted to ask you this, did Kikubaaqudgha really say you would be my servant?"

"Nope. As you suspected it was all due to my mental hacking." She admitted.

"So it was true..." Chiras owed her, he owed quite a bit perhaps a debt he would never be able to repay...but not with his body. On the other end of the table, Armatia's face fell.

"You can even read thoughts..." Chiras spent a few moments just thinking what to say next.

"Say Arma..." Chiras started.

"Call me Arle, I am Armatia's second self."

"Arle, with you powers, you could have easily enslaved me and then taken the world. With your fleshcrafting abilities you could easily create an entire army of your own selves and no force could oppose you. You could even use those powers to save everybody now in Ensinland for example. Or you could just live in a cave in an eternity of bliss. Why?" In short, Chiras was asking Armatia for the purpose of life.

"Chiras, I will explain to you my thinking. What you have asked me goes merely beyond what I want, it goes straight into the question of what one should want." Armatia lifted her bare feet on the chair she was on and hugged her legs affectionately as she swayed slightly on her seat in thought.

"The purpose of life to is power," she pierced his soul with her jade eyes, "to come as possible as you could to the power beyond power, the true omnipotence." She waved it aside disparagingly.

"That is the theory of life, but in practice, it does not matter. You work the best that you can, mold your mind the closest to perfection that is possible and reach the summit of transcendence."

"Chiras, I am a Transcendi. I've been recognized by the beings that created the universe as their equal. And there can be no higher power that those of the Transcendi. If there was I would change myself until I attained it."

"Tell me, young Inspired, what do you think happens to the Transcendi after they attain the summit of power?" Armatia's second self, Arle tested him.

"..."

"..."

"..." Chiras wracked his feeble brain to no result. Arle grinned.

"They go insane." Arle stated with the impact force of a sledgehammer.

"Wait, wait, what do you mean?" He waved his hands in front, trying to halt her.

"Humans are also insane by any standard. They have needs and wants and frequently confuse the two for the other, but given the power I've attained, it is actually disappointing what I've become." Armatia sighed wistfully.

"As you will learn, the Inspired and their grown up siblings the Transcendi, also have needs and wants. And the only need they have is the desire to improve. Every goal and necessity is folded into that one singular one on the path to transcendence and after reaching the summit, we get a bit of a reprieve, so to say. After becoming a Transcendi, that needs becomes mostly fulfilled and goes into hibernation. What is left after that are wants, the decisions that do not matter."

"Wants are everything that is not important. Things that do not have an effect on the life expectancy of our being, that do not threaten or affect our power in any way."

"Like this talk, I am giving you right now. Or the favor I did to Roderick and the life I have saved in Winterstein. Things that do not matter...like this affection I feel for you. If it threatened my being, it would be gone in an instant." Armatia smiled sadly.

"I love you Chiras. Please become a Transcendi."

"Even though it does not matter?"

"Nothing matters except power, but the amount of desires one could hold is infinite. I assure you that being insane is not too bad. My self improvement drive does not allow my life to get dull no matter what I do."

"Also if I get bored, I can always throw Armatia into humiliating situations!" Arle grinned like the devil.

Chiras gaped, suddenly seeing the morning scene in his bedroom in a whole new light.

"Ahaha, that was funny wasn't it? Good job." Just for a moment Chiras felt sorry for Armatia.

"Ahahahahaha!" Her laughter was so cute, and yet so evil.

---

Outside the Galsanmour Manor it was still night.

"Lady Armatia," the white haired maid Nascisa asked her glancing from behind, "would you like me to make dinner. How did you healing session with the Talis' boy go?" Nascisa asked casually as she washed the dishes in the kitchen with a sponge.

"No, thank you. I only need to eat occasionally unlike humans." She heard her coming behind her.

"Hya!" Nascisa jolted as she felt Armatia's slender hand, firmly rubbing her buttock.

"The boy is fine now, but his mother screamed a lot. Well, at least he got an education." Armatia whispered into her ear from behind. Her hands tightly squeezed her behind and pulled it up and down.

"Ah m-m-m-m-my lady!" Nascisa stammered, blushing deeply, letting the dishes slide off her hands and into the washbasin. After giving her one last pat, Armatia left her behind.

"I am going to visit Galsana. See ya!"

"Hah...hah...hah..." That meeting felt seriously dangerous! Was Armatia targeting her now!?

"Oh, Zin protect me!"

Half an hour later, she finished with her chores and it was time for the long awaited rest.

Dressed in her white and red polka dotted pajamas, Nascisa slipped into bed, tossed the covers over herself and shut her eyes closed, wearily rubbing her head against the fluffy pillow.

"Ahh...ahh..." A faint sound like moaning drifted into her ears, almost too faint to be heard. Disregarding it as a figment of her imagination, she turned in the bed.

"Ahh..."

"Ahh..." Her eyes snapped awake and Nascisa jolted upright in the bed.

'Oh, Zin, she wouldn't!' Galsana's room was right next to hers! All of sudden the memory of what happened that day at the airship came streaming back to her.

"Ahh..." With horror she realized that it was happening again! With a small tremble, she leaned her ear to the wall of her room to make sure!

"Yes, more!" Galsana luscious voice came through the thin walls separating the two rooms as if it as a clear as day.

"Oh My God!" An image of Armatia in the throes of passion with an 80 year old woman came to her. The way her tongue intertwined with old crone's...Nascisa suddenly felt ill. With a shiver, she pried her head off the wall and moved as far away as she could, covering her ears with her palms.

"Ahh..." The pressure in her head built to a maddening degree and she ran out of her room, feeling as if she was going crazy. It was too much! Did that...whore have no sense of shame or standards. To go after Roderick, and now Galsana!

She grabbed a lamp and ran across the hallways and up the stairs to her friend Time's room. She banged on the door and waited. Seeing no response after a while, she slammed her fist harder on the oaken door of the room and heard rustling from the other side.

'The boy is fine now, but his mother screamed a lot. Well, at least he got an education.' She remembered what Armatia said to her earlier, suddenly realizing what she had meant.

"I am coming, I am coming!" Time yelled irritated at being roused so late. The key turned at the door swung open.

"What is-!" At first she was irritated, but in a moment, Time's expression in front of her changed to one of worry, as soon as she saw the horror on her face.

"Nasci? Is everything alright?"

"Time it is Arma." She said that one sentence as if it explained everything. "Remember what happened night at the airship with Roderick? She is doing the same with Galsana." Her wheat haired just stared at her blankly with her camel eyes for a few moments, processing what she said.

"She is having sex with her." Nascisa explained.

"Ohh...uhh..." Time recoiled in disgust. "Oh, God!"

"What is going on here?" The head maid Tyiphis emerged from the shadow, nearly making her jump out of her skin.

"Oh, ah..." Nascisa stammered.

"You see!" Time rallied, raising her finger upwards like an exclamation mark and then faltered, no new words suddenly forthcoming.

"Yes?" Tyiphis narrowed her cold azure eyes, much like the master's at them, and they could feel the heat go up.

"My lady, Armatia is right now with Galsana in the room next to mine and she is practicing her arts on her..." Nascisa explained the first part.

"Oh..." Tyiphis beamed, "that is great. I saw what she did to Roderick, right now he is spry as I used to remember him." Tyiphis reminisced fondly.

"So why are you two so distressed then?" She wondered. Nascisa and Time exchanged looks.

"Armatia heals people by having sex with them. Also, she is a necromancer." Time admitted.

"Ahahaha!" Hearing her say something so absurd with a straight face, even a serious person such as Tyiphis could not help but to guffaw.

"Ahahahah...you girls, are you serious!?" Their stony stares bored back into her.

"You are." Tyiphis concluded. "I have to go see this. Lead the way." She told Nascisa who was the only one with a lamp and they walked through the dark corridors, down the steps and gathered outside Galsana's door.

"Ahh..."

Stealthily, they crept up to the door.

"Oh, please, Arma, please I can't!" Galsana begged her, seeming much more energetic than before and Nascisa noted her voice seemed a lot less shrill than she remembered it.

"Then use you mouth!" Armatia roared, loudly enough to make them jump.

"Yes!" Galsana eagerly replied.

"..." The three of them exchanged an unspoken glance and slowly moved away from the door.

"Mmmmh...mmmmph-!!!" Galsana and Armatia were not even trying to hide their activity and the three could easily her something inside being rammed against the wall.

"Ohhhh my~" Blushing maidenly, Tyiphis slowly raised her hand to her lips and grinned knowingly like a middle aged lady. Nascisa felt her cheeks burning bright red and Time was likewise sweating bullets.

"Does the master know about this? That she is a necromancer?" Tyiphis sidled up to her whispering over the booming sounds coming in the room. Nascisa could only nod helplessly.

"My lady, Armatia is not just a necromancer, she is the avatar of Kikubaaqudgha himself come to this world. The sun went black when master Chiras, I, Time and Roderick summoned her to this world." Nascisa admitted to everything.

"Ahh, master what have you d-" Tyiphis shook her head sadly, when a scream from inside the room interrupted her.

"AAAAhhh!!!" Galsana screamed from sheer transcendental bliss. Tyiphis, Time and Nascisa's eyes went wide. Just as they decided to leave them in peace, from the other end of a hallway, a lantern light came behind a corner. Nascisa dearly hoped it was Roderick.

From beyond the bend, the master's son Beethoven emerged scowling at them in irritation.

"What is this screaming!?" He ordered them to explain. Nascisa looked to Tyiphis for guidance, but noted that she too was as stony faced as her. Beethoven stomped closer to the room.

"Young master, it-" Tyiphis started to explain.

"Ahh...ahh...ahh..." Moaning came from the room into the hall outside, loud enough for them to hear. Beethoven froze for a moment at the unprecedented sound.

"Trinity, protect me, is that grandma!? Oh, my God she is in pain, why are you standing around, move!" He blurted out in panic, moving past them to grasp the handle. The three maids latched onto him.

"No, no, no, no, young master!" They dragged him away from the corridor.

Back upstairs Time and Nascisa explained exactly what they and his father were up to and how Armatia took a Fire Storm spell head on unflinchingly and how Chiras shattered his blade on her shoulder, and how unwise it would be to interrupt her without a plan.

Beethoven had a lot to think about that night. He spent most of night awake.

As for Nascisa, Tyiphis gave her the key to one of the unused room (there were plenty as the mansion was understaffed) upstairs. She spent most of the night awake, for an entirely different set of reasons, knowing that she too was Armatia's to-hit list.

She was not sure whether or not to be looking forward to it.

---

The next morning after breakfast, after paying her respects to the sunken-eyed young master on his way to the academy, Nascisa took her used tableware and carried them on a tray into the kitchen. She deposited them into the washbasin and just as she picked up the sponge for cleaning, a new voice from behind startled her.

"Nasci dearie, good morning!" Quickly, Nascisa whirled around. Wearing Galsana's black dress of mourning was a girl about her height, beaming at her with a hand on her hip. Her deep black eyes seemed to sparkle in the morning light and the perfect unblemished skin on her oval face nearly took her breath away. Her long black hair was tied up in a ponytail and swayed softly in the air as she moved as if combed and caressed by the wind. Her nose was thin and cute, and her lips full and seductive. Nascisa was never before interested in worldly matters such as beauty, satisfied by the moderate degree the Gods saw fit to grant her, but as she looked at the elegant girl in front of her, she felt going green with envy.

A shiver went through her spine, as she realized who the person in front of her was.

"L-ady Gals..ana!" She pathetically croaked out, forgetting to blow air through her throat as she spoke. Tears started to gather in her eyes and she started wheezing.

"Relax dearie. You guessed right." Galsana gently rubbed her back, trying to calm her down. "There, there..." Nascisa could not even look straight, her vision became blurry and her insides felt like they would crawl up her throat from...gladness. As she stared at the floor, shielding her face from view as she futilely tried not to cry, choked sobs started escaping her lips. Galsana embraced her.

"*hic hic hic* I-I-I'm sorry!" Nascisa wailed.

"There, there, what are you saying sorry for?" She gently swayed her.

"I-I am not sure, I just know I am sorry!" Somewhere in her heart she gave up on her. Even knowing who Armatia was, she did not think she would just...reverse aging. Even the holy Elyvilon's, the God of Healing's healers could not do that. Somewhere, she had made an excuse to herself that Roderick was just pretending, that Armatia was tricking him into feeling strong, just as she had tricked the beggar Lucius into being confident. It had to be a lie, because otherwise the holy Gods were lying that death was inevitable.

"I am sorry, I am sorry, I was a bad girl!" Nascisa bawled. Even she was not sure what she was saying anymore. Just what was lady Galsana thinking of her after that outburst.

After a few minutes had passed, Nascisa came down from her hysteria.

"Lady Galsana...did, how do you feel?" Nascisa finally asked what she wanted to ask.

"Like a sparrow!" Galsana took a step back her and with the tip of her leather shoe as a pivot on the kitchen tiles, did a little spin with her other leg raised high like a ballerina. Nascisa gaped. Galsana looked around for a bit and did a cartwheel out of the kitchen. Like a sprite, she skipped across the hallway goading Nasci to follow her.

"Lady Galsana, wait!" Fearful that she might injure herself, Nascisa ran after her urging her to stop. She followed her all the way outside the manor. Outside the weather was warm and pleasant, but she did not care about that.

"Lady Galsana, please stop, what if you injure yourself?" Galsana just glanced over her shoulder and grinned. Doing a little crouch, Galsana leapt off the cobblestone path by the side entrance and vanished in front of her eyes, replacing her form with a gust of wind that scattered the pebbles below. For a moment, Nascisa was dumbfounded, but on instinct she glanced upwards and saw Galsana's black dress billowing in the air as she soared into the air like an eagle.

Every hair on her body stood on end as she looked at the majestic sight. Galsana's face was so calm and beautiful as she soared through the air above her, high enough leap over an average house.

She did it without magical assistance.

That night, like yesterday, Nascisa had difficulty sleeping again. As she blankly stared at the ceiling with only the faint moonlight streaming outside the window for illumination, she came to a decision.

Just when had she started thinking of Armatia as one of them? During the summoning she was prepared for death, but afterwards as she observed Armatia's friendly behavior at some point she decided that she was just like them and perhaps even less, since she just took what master Chiras dished out at her and like a thrall, bowed to him. And then she had the gall to throw away her chastity and to sully master's dignity by getting intimate with an old geezer like Roderick behind his back. Didn't she know to whom she belonged to, what the rules of society were?

Now, she was not quite sure that she knew what they were. She remembered being disgusted at how far Armatia went with Galsana and Roderick, but really just what was she thinking to judge her harshly?

It is obvious that Armatia was far beyond human. She had no right to place judgment on her.

Just like with Galsana, if she wanted to have her body...she only had to ask. She had no right to disobey her.

That youth, beauty and power that Galsana showed her, just how far would she go to attain it? If one day, after mistress Armatia summoned her to her room, as she kneeled in front of her, she asked her for her soul, just how would she answer?

Nascisa realized that she would...probably say yes.

---

Disturbing the tranquility of his mind, a knock came from the other side of the door, feeling a ripple upon his consciousness, but not disrupting it. From his lotus position on the floor, Chiras sat in perfect, unshakeable meditation only passing the sensations to his higher consciousness, his second self and letting it decide whether or not he should get up.

'Applying Modification.' Suddenly, the desire to move and greet the visitor came into his limbs and with perfect grace, feeling as if his movements were floating on air, Chiras went to the door and opened it.

The jade-eyed face of Armatia greeted him. In what seemed impossible slowness, Armatia eyed his up and down lustily, and Chiras could sense every tiny detail, every little motion on her impeccable face, his transcendent reflexes not sparing him anything and his transcendent patience allowing his the strength of will to embrace the timelessness of his new cognition.

As he watched he sensed something rustle unnaturally, and a thin dagger like a needle made for assassination slipped from her sleeve and into her hand. Armatia twirled it in her hand and made to stab him into the abdomen. Chiras easy grasped it and stared coldly at his teacher's antic.

Armatia beamed.

"Good, good! Can you understand what I am saying now?" At first the sound seemed to be blurry and stretched out like if a single word needed years to be spoken, but he sensed his higher self, propagating changes to his cognition and it started to clear up.

"Yes." He answered tersely, still feeling like he would rather be meditating instead of talking to Armatia.

"You've been at it for over twenty four hours and you have no even eaten."

'So?' Chiras failed to see her point.

"It is time for the next phase. Knowledge accumulation training and after that comes reflex training and then fleshcrafting. After that you will be as strong as me. I think I'll be done in three days with you and then I can move on to Beethoven and the others."

It occurred to Chiras that this would be a good spot to respond with something, but honestly he felt like being rid of her so he could further explore the intricacies of meditation. Then his higher self started propagating changes again and his emotions and mindset started to twist into the proper form for conversation. He found himself actually caring about what Armatia had to say.

Despite being somewhat used to having himself used like a puppet, or rather his mindset strummed like a musical instrument, he always found it a miracle how readily he obeyed his own impulses and how little he could deviate without the assistance from his self in the world beyond. In fact, in many ways it seemed like his ability to chose his own path seemed even less than before; whenever he used the Desire Modification his mind was like unbreakable, razor fine edge slicing down upon the task with unstoppable force.

When he was a human, he could choose so many more paths, but follow none even remotely close with the efficacy that he could now. Before he was a jelly being pushed this way and that as he went along with the tides.

Now he just split the sea in half!

Now that he thought about his meditation that he did without a single bit of restlessness or boredom for 24 straight hours and his thoughts sped up a billion fold, he was afraid that one day he might go too far doing some other task. Without any interference from the outside world if he tried to set a record, just how long could he sit in place, Chiras wondered?

As he contemplated that question, in the endless still depths of his mind, only a single thin imperceptible voice made itself known. It said 'forever.' A chill went through his mind at that realization.

'Focus.' His higher self ordered him, propagating a few changes to help him in this task.

"Sure." Chiras told Armatia, his mood brightening at the sight of her. "Should I get something to eat first?"

"No need, I've revitalized you." She answered.

"Really, I haven't noticed anything?" Chiras wondered.

"That is because your aetheric senses are so poorly developed." Armatia jeered.

"They are good compared to most humans. I can cast ninth level spells." Chiras countered. Armatia rolled her eyes.

"I could soul edit you to think that pigs fly and you would not notice." She replied sarcastically. Chiras stared at her blankly.

"...But pigs do fly. There is a new breed of magically potent pigs in Ernisduth. My cousin owns the farm." Chiras countered. Armatia's eyes widened in surprise and she guffawed.

"Ahah, ok, you got me there. What crazy world do you live in?" She replied still smirking. He closed the door behind him and followed Armatia to the family library.

"The one where horses are not made of iron and where they eat proper grass instead of fossilized animal remains?" He teased her.

"Ahahahah, stop!" Their voices receded down the hall.

...

'I am taking role as the third consciousness.' His higher self informed him. ' Soul merger complete. Equalizing the first and the second with the third. Good work.'

---

To the west of the city Galsanmour were the Roarcliff mountains, who were named after the harsh inhospitable winds that blew past the jagged, rocky outcroppings. At the southern edge were the stone quarries and at the foot of the mountain the mines belonging to the Galsanmour family from which the city got a third of it livelihood. The dirty and worn miners were hard at work as their irons as the hacked away at the rock and the ore, hauling them into carts and pushing towards the surface. It was hard and tiresome work, but they knew that the cities depended upon their work for tools and the soldiers for weapons and armour. They might have not been on the front, but lives depended upon them just the same.

At the eastern end, deep within the verdant forest, was the entrance to the underworld and thousands of Chromid's finest elite, clad in shinning plate and bearing the holy uprivix of the Trinity as their coat of arms, standing at attention at the thick walled fortifications.

Amongst the crossbowmen on the walls, there walked noble men and women dressed in deep blue robes of Sif Muna and scarlet flaming red robes of Vehumet, possessing terrifying arcane might, their gazes firm against the darkness within, unyielding and silent in their duty, knowing that the empire was weak after the plague and that a single orcish incursion could spell the end for the humanity on the surface.

Thousands of meters above the fortified entrance, past the jagged cliffs even the foolhardiest adventurer would not brave, a roar resounded. Soaring amongst the clouds, the golden manned griffon streaked past the spiked tops and dove down into the valley below at the last moment as a large gust of flame blasted overhead, alighting the sky in its passage.

Flying for its dear life, it plunged towards the rocky ravine in between the mountains and up righted its course just a foot from the solid rocky cliffs, just a breath away from breaking its body on the rocky ground. It gave a beat with its massive red wings and soared forward with all the speed it could muster towards the dark caves in the distance. Behind it, a shadow followed it.

It blew past below the natural stone arc, sharply curved to the right into a twisty side passage and then to left as it agilely bounded off the stone wall with its clawed eagle feet. It covered dozens of meters in an instant, curved to the left and folding its wings and contracting its body into a bullet, streaked through the narrow passage at end with extreme animalistic skill honed into it by over a hundred years of life and death struggle for survival amongst the harsh climate of the mountain.

The griffon unfurled its wings and turned to the right as the air tore at its body, the darkness of the hole where its pack lie deeper in safety and warmth almost close enough for it to taste it. The white golden griffon streaked like an arrow, its form a blur to the naked eye. Then a mere meter from the shadows of the entrance time slowed to a crawl. The bulk of a massive green dragon that had been silent and lying in wait until now, crashed upon its defenseless back, ramming is body in the hard rocks below. Rubble scattered as the griffon was scraped across the rocky floor near the darkness of the cavern like soft skin across rough sandpaper at full pressure, scattering a trail of blood, fur and feather.

It raised its bloodied head and gave one last screech that echoed as a warning deeper into the cavern before the dragon's teeth, as large as swords, sunk into its neck. Blood splattered across the wall. The dragon reared its head and gave out a soul chilling roar that would have frozen the blood of men had they bore witness to it.

Thousands of meters above, at the pinnacle of Roarcliffs, magically shaped out of the rock in the form of dragon scales, surrounded by mist and cloud vapor, stood the cloister of the Order of the Dragon.

A red reptilian foot grasped the stone ledge of the. Dressed in ornate red robes, the grand summoner Xydrac stood at wait near the ledge. Inside of his baleful draconian ash eyes were reflected was reflected the vision of the fortified humans below. One day he dreamed, of taking them by storm, burning them beneath a hale of dragon fire.

The humans were weak, and their allies in the Underworld were getting stronger by the day.

A shadow went past behind him and with a thud, the green dragon landed on the stones behind him. The griffon's corpse fell out of its mouth and splattered next to its feet. And then in an instant the dragon transformed into a grey robbed draconian like its previous bulk was merely an illusion.

The gray draconian reported something him in garbled sibilant language and went inside the cloister for a much-deserved rest.

Master Xydrac stood at the ledge amongst the clouds and continued watching through the eyes of his dragons, dreaming of the coming age of glorious conquest, of the carnage and the quest of the stars.

In the Depths of the Underworld, surrounded by a coruscating purple anima, the Orb of Endwarnys gave them strength to continue onward.

---

Through the streets of Galsanmour, cloaked by the dead of night, two shadows, the undisputed masters of the small town, were darting along the ground imperceptible to the naked eyed. Good deeds were afoot tonight.

With speed he would have scarcely imagined possible, Chiras' foot touched the ground and in the next moment his body was flung through the air after Armatia with accuracy and precision of movement that even he could only describe as godlike. If he missed his step even a microsecond or misjudged the force applied to the environment, he would careen off course into one of the nearby buildings and shatter the ground he walked on, but he managed to do it every time. The air as it rushed past his ears seemed like a howl, and their two forms were like the wind, the silent protectors of Galsanmour.

In his mind's eye, he could sense the souls of every person in the city as they dreamt, like frail white wisps, flames on a candle that even the merest wind could extinguish.

Armatia came at a stop near the foot of a house and Chiras stopped next to her. She looked up at him with her burning jade eyes and spoke.

"Time to start your fleshcrafting training. Be proud Chiras because you will be the one of the first people I teach this too."

"Armatia, I- is it really alright for you to give me such power?" Almost immediately after the words left his mouth, he regretted saying them. Armatia had explained to him in the Limbo that the purpose of life is power, and he could see why she thought that and even agreed with that view, but...now that he spent time with her he found himself caring about her. And yet, a small voice at the back of his head was telling him that one day they would come to blows if they continued on this course.

"Of course. Why are you asking me this now?" She glanced upwards at the third floor balcony. Chiras followed her gaze and glanced at the soul of the one inside. She was gravely ill.

"Toria Goldberg, 17. She developed rosngiasvilis three months ago and she has been in pain and suffering since then. Her body is producing excess fat at the cost of the body's energetic level and she has swollen up uncomfortably. She has been bedridden for the last eleven weeks. Most likely she will die in a day or two as her brain will not have the sufficient resources to maintain soul resonance." She counted off clinically and turned to him.

"She will be your test subject. You will heal her and then mentally dominate her into becoming your first apprentice." His skin crawled somewhat at the way Armatia had put it. Couldn't she just say that they would show her the better way?

"Armatia before we begin, I have to ask, do you really intend to give every single person in this world the powers of the Transcendi?"

"I said so, didn't I?" She raised her brow at him. Chiras swallowed, feeling as if his worries were bearing down on him and the only way to truly resolve them would be to convince Armatia to stop. It was stupid because if Armatia were not this sort of person, she would have never reached out her hand towards him. Lucius would have been a corpse. Grandmother would have continued her slide into insanity, decrepitude and death. But even that pales in comparison to the amount of people she will save.

He felt like the worst sort of scum to just come out and say that this was enough. 'Ok, you gave me power out of the goodness of you heart, but stop here because it might be dangerous to continue? It is a bad idea because others might turn them on us!'

'Chole, help me out here. I want to talk Armatia out of this. I am fine with healing those in need, but teaching them high necromancy would make them uncontrollable and potentially dangerous. I know you feel the same.' He asked his higher self.

'I do. Let us try our best. Applying Changes.' Chiras felt his doubts and apprehensions vanish, replaced with the iron certainty in his own rightness. He spoke firmly and confidently, meeting her gaze unflinchingly as he spoke next.

"Armatia, I want to be very clear, what you are doing feels wrong." Armatia's face narrowed into a scowl. "After I read the Book of the Dead Names and learned the secrets of the soul and attained the powers within, at first I thought I your goal was to enslave those around you and made up my mind to oppose you, but then I thought about it and realized that you are not doing that all."

"You have no apprehensions about using your soul control powers on anyone. You act as a tyrant sometimes and a slavedriver. Those around you are weaklings whom you trod upon and bind them in chains, but after you do so, you just toss them the key to freedom."

"But that key is so much more than a key, it is literally a superweapon fit for the Gods themselves. It is simply too dangerous to belong in mortal hands and you to give it to...every...Living...Thing!" Chiras' calm demeanor broke down.

"Chiras, do you want me to strike you down? And to do the same to everyone else?" Armatia asked with dead coldness in her voice.

"Let me tell you about a story about my home dimension. When the Walsanirs struck, I was the only survivor out of billions. That was because I was the only one who unlocked the secrets of the mind in that world."

"It happened in less than an hour. The entire planet was turned into cinders, all of the cities razed to nothing and all of the forests turned to ash. The seas evaporated leaving only the salt dunes underneath. And then the terrifying singularity weapons struck dozens of times each of which could tear the Roarcliffs mountain asunder a million times over." Chiras remembered the shattered city in the Limbo and shivered involuntarily, imagining the scenes in vivid detail. Armatia raised her hand in front of her as if grasping the world.

"Do you know what the worst I can do to a person is Chiras? What I am in the process of doing to the Walsanirs right now. I could put them in eternal torture and agony. I could shatter their worlds and suck them into the bottomless planes beyond the veil where no life could exist. I could show them true Hell on Earth."

"Instead I invented an attack that could turn assimilate them. Imagine if I struck you with my fist. And then after you got up your soul and your body became identical to my own. Do you want me to do that to you right now? Because it sound to me like you do." With an aura of palpable menace, Armatia stepped towards him. Chiras realized that he had only had time to ask one more question before she attacked him.

"After the Walsanirs killed everyone, how did you feel?" Armatia's eyes widened and stopped just for an instant.

"I let Arle take control and guide me to giving them destruction." Armatia grinned. "It was so great that I did not have to feel sadness at their deaths. And my hatred for them was so appropriate. It let me find the optimal point and Arle let me follow it."

Armatia raised her hand like a claw, straightening out her back like she was the emperor.

"To my enemies, my hate is a finely honed blade that never misses their heart..." Suddenly, he felt something strike into his abdomen like a hammer. His breath was blown from his lungs and he collapsed to the ground, wheezing. He looked up in wonder and saw that Armatia had not moved at all and was looking down at him with her eyes full of pity.

"...And to my friends, my compassion brings them endless bliss. I've been too lenient on you Chiras." Suddenly, in front of his eyes Armatia's form changed and he felt his mood turning to elation. To him Armatia was always beautiful, but now she seemed absolutely entrancing, beyond divine. From the sweet contours of her body, to the single strands of her dark hair to the small, nearly imperceptible creases in her black uniform, every single one of her details seemed absolutely perfect. He would have bowed, but that would have meant taking his eyes off her.

"You worm." Armatia's words felt like the harshest whip upon his back and he could not help, but flinch. "Do you not understand the glory of following your own path and forging your own desires? Do you truly want to deny that gift to others?" Armatia pleaded to him, raising her hands in exasperation.

"I could turn everyone into myself, but what would be the point of that? Surely, surely, it must be possible for more than one being to exist in the entire universe. A set values should certainly be possible that would allow for many different people to coexist under its broad branches in perfect harmony and equality." Her face was so unlike a demon's as she said that.

"As long as there are differences in power any peace and harmony achieved is a sham. If I did as you wanted me to, those around me would forever remain as animals. I might as well kill them all. I achieved the pinnacle of power and now the only conclusion is that I must live alone in the universe for the rest of eternity?" She took his face in her hands and soulfully looked into his eyes with motherly affection.

Feeling flushed, Chiras averted his gaze from her, not being able to stand it any longer and answered meekly.

"No."

In his infinitely fast realm of thoughts Chiras had plenty of time to analyze his own reactions and draw conclusions by observing his own patterns at the base level. He was certain that Armatia had used her soul manipulation powers on him and permanently altered his values.

When he cast Necromutation, his values had been permanently altered to allow him to enter the self improvement loop. Now, he understood how Lucius felt on that night when he kneeled in front of her and offered his soul to Armatia.

For a moment he considered undoing the unnatural changes applied to him by Armatia. But why? Because soul manipulation is vile and repugnant...or at least that is how he felt before. It did not feel like that all anymore.

If manipulating other people was wrong then manipulating the self was wrong. There never was a line between natural and unnatural.

He loved soul manipulation. And he loved Armatia. He loved both from the bottom of his heart. He had no reason to change them back.

Armatia was stupid, so stupid that it hurt. He loved her so much, almost as much as he did his second self, but her ideals were so idiotic he wanted to slap himself as punishment for nearly buying into her tirade.

Like a supernova, Chiras realized that Armatia did not know what the right values were for her ideal society were, she just took her notion of power as goodness to its rightful conclusion.

None of that mattered to him anymore. He had his ideal, and she was right in front of him.

He would not be the one to cause her grief.

The chains of love that she placed on him do not need to be taken off.

Time was still frozen for him and her beautiful face was still in front. Smoothly, he turned to look at her and pecked her lips with his own.

It was unmanly, so unmanly how he was acting! He remembered Ilinsea acting like this towards him when they first met. He was grateful that it was the dead of night and nobody could see this private moment with her.

Armatia's eyes widened in surprise and she smirked cheekily as a light blush spread on her cheeks.

"Come now, don't fall for me just yet." She snickered a little. "This is the joy of soul manipulation. Hierarchy, equality, diversity, they are just words. What you feel for me is the reality of soul manipulation, the love that is better than real."

"Soul manipulation is the root of self improvement, but if we apply it correctly, we can connect our two beings even when our souls are apart. That is the power of love." She got up and resolutely looked at the third floor balcony. "That love is what Toria Goldberg who is now nearing death needs." She spoke like an announcer challenging the fighter to step forward.

"Chiras, even if you heal her, she will just die in an eyeblink compared to eternity in which we now reside unless we give her the courage of the Inspired. The time to act is now."

Chiras joined her and Armatia knocked on the door the Goldberg household and waited. Despite it being past midnight, Toria's mother Sandra, a thick nosed woman with a mole on her right cheek opened the door and invited her in.

He could not find any signs of anybody overhearing the conversation that happened before. He suspected that with her far superior powers, Armatia had created a private space for them in the middle of the street.

"My lady and oh-welcome my lord! Come right in!" She greeted them, her mood brightening almost immediately.

Quietly closing the door behind her, Sandra continued, "You really should not have forced yourselves to come so late! Especially you my lord! Can I offer you some tea or coffee?" Armatia stopped her before she went into the kitchen.

"No madam, I must hurry. I sense that Toria is near death and I must act now."

"Oh!" The poor woman froze in her tracks.

"Fear not, I will save her!" Armatia declared boisterously. "The lord will be there to observe as a part of his training as a healer."

Armatia stepped forward and took her clammy hand with both of her slender ones and looked at the shorter woman straight in the eyes with all seriousness, affixing her gaze with his own.

Ever since the conversation, Chiras went overtime into training his aetheric senses and now he could definitely sense Armatia using soul linking on Sandra!

"I only ask that until we are done, that you do not interfere during our operation. Your daughter is gravely ill and our healing will be painful for her. If she starts screaming in pain or otherwise do not worry, that is a good sign." Armatia smiled. Sandra blushed in response.

Chiras felt just a little bit aroused at how good Armatia was at using soul manipulation. She was so fascinating.

He could not figure out though why she said that last part. Why would she scream? It would be trivial to turn off the pain senses.

He followed the two women upstairs and Sandra ushered them into Toria's room.

"Toria honey, the good lord and mistress Armatia are here to see you." Sandra said to her daughter on the bed.

It was due only to his Inspired Will that he could contain his revulsion at the blob in front of him. Toria had bulked up incredibly due to her illness, nearly doubling her weight in just three short months, becoming a mere shell of her usual feminine beauty, a monster too ugly to be shown outside. If he can save the world from this ugliness, no sin would be too much to bear, no God to malevolent for him to pledge his soul to.

"Hello." Toria spoke weakly and blinked her eyes wearily. She tried to move, but she could not budge an inch due to absence of vigor.

Armatia at whom his admiration never waned even went a step further and genuinely smiled, expertly hiding her disgust and unease as if she had seen this condition all the time in her world.

Armatia turned her head to nod at Sandra and moved to kneel next to Sandra and cradled her hand.

"Do not worry Toria, everything will be fine." She rubbed her hand under the covers, whispering sweet nothing into her ears. Sandra placed one last concerned at her bedridden daughter and closed the door behind them. Illuminated by a lone lamplight, the three of them stood relative silence with an occasional creak of an insect coming from the outside. Slowly, Toria closed her tired eyes and nodded off to sleep. Chiras could see her soul patterns becoming rhythmical and subdued. Armatia then disconnected her body from her brain, so there would be no sudden jerking.

"You may begin." He had absolutely no idea what he should be doing. Sensing his hesitation, Armatia spoke words of encouragement, "Don't worry about killing her. If you do it is trivial to reinitialize the soul once you have the state in storage. Copy it now. That should always be the first step. In fact Chiras, get into the habit of collecting soul copies of everyone around you. I do hope you had the brains to at least do that with Beethoven and the servants." Armatia jeered knowing full well that he did not do it. If it was not for his second self, this would definitely have rattled Chiras, but now he just stood quiet and resolute, making countless plans and calculations, remembering the lessons from the Book on how to proceed. Armatia smiled at his progress. Even love does not matter to the Inspired when they are on the task.

"Have you decided on her look?" Chiras looked at her quizzically. It did not even occur to him to think about it. He already knew how the ideal woman should look, even though he was not so crass to blurt it out here.

"It should be someone you would not mind getting intimate with." Armatia suggested. His own thoughts were going in a completely different direction though. As he thought of the sheer mass of the girl in front of him, it occurred to him that it would be a shame to let it go to waste. Instead of burning it away, it would be interesting to convert it all to functional tissue.

No, it would be too much. He would have to make her 220cm high for this to work, which was way more than he originally envisioned. He himself was only 180cm and he thought it would be interesting to have a woman of about 195 around; a tall, busty, sharp looking woman with feminine curves and exquisitely toned legs and body he could hire as his secretary to drown his sorrows in when Armatia was away.

'Uh, did she tamper with me again?' It occurred to him to wonder from where that last thought came from.

'Applying Changes.' The disembodied voice of his other self came, informing him of the onrushing changes. Almost immediately, all stray thoughts were put aside and channeled into the arts of fleshcrafting.

He tossed away the white covers to the side and stripped away the girls nightgown and underwear. For her safety, he did not straddle her, instead he stealthily moved to her side and laid his hands on her head, channeling his aether into her body.

"Rewriting tissue for optimal performance, converting cells to Novo type..." He remolded her biological machinery for complete disease immunity and far greater energetic efficiency and sturdiness, as those found in his own body.

'Enlarging the skull by 10%, remoulding and readjusting the angles by 0-2 degrees depending on location. Reinforcing bone. Changing hair color to ebony.' He clinically dictated to his higher self. Toria's face lengthened and became perfectly oval and heartshaped, her skin turning from sickly pale to a delicious brown color like those of southerners. Her nose became tiny and her lips narrow and full. Her ill white hair lengthened and unfurled into a rich dark ebony color, lengthening beyond the scope of his body and becoming unfurled like the tail of a peacock. Channeling his magical vigor, Chiras pushed the fat deeper into her body, downwards into it until only pristine, unblemished beauty remained.

Toria's face as she rested on her pillow seemed like that of an exquisite, exotic southern beauty, snoozing softly and peacefully as she dreamt sweet dreams. The sickly, white slug that was attached to it below seemed like an aberration against nature and Chiras moved quickly to excise it. With the patience and care of a saint, he dug his fingers into her soft flesh, easily parting it with his magic without inflicting a single harm of her frail body.

Whether Chiras' gentle touch passed, her skin became healthier and darker hued, her muscles twisted and turned into the proper shape and her bones lengthened and became unbreakable to mundane forces. He shunted the excess tissue further into the body for later use and using the remaining to renew his aetheric reserves as he operated. After he finished reworking her neck and shoulder, instead of continuing downwards like Armatia did that night at the cemetery, he got up from the bed and moved to her side. He grasped her fingers in-between his own and changed her, empowering her hand as he ran his fingers through her arm.

He moved to the other and turned it into his ideal of perfection. And then he moved to the chest area like a true warrior of righteousness, bringing the light of holiness to smite the vile blight of undeath lying within...

That analogy felt inappropriate somehow, disrupting his focus for only an instant.

'Reworking inappropriate patterns.' The second self came to him. As Chiras worked on the girl, his higher self worked on him, pushing him beyond his inbuilt limits into the realm beyond mortal comprehension. Chiras realized the true analogy as it applied to him.

As he moved to her abdomen, he was like the ultimate truth, the black sun that brought the light of death and rebirth to the false believers who had not the courage to look upwards, purifying their souls and bodies with his black holy flames.

'Soul links around the spinal area done. Reworking of the womb into an aetheric amplifier organ done. Starting work on the pelvic region. Enlarging pelvic bones by 15-20% and realigning by fractional degrees.' He dug his hands into her waist, expertly kneading muscle and reshaping bone.

And then finally, he got to work on the legs! He grasped the thick layers of fat that had collected on her thighs and pulled them downwards as is tugging on a pair of trousers.

As he undressed her, Toria's leg became darker, slender and well toned, and lengthened considerably compared to the other, going past the edge of the bed, which was already becoming too small to hold her form as it was, and making her look deformed. He moved to the other and ran his hands through it likewise, like a comb being dragged through the folds of a hair.

"Phew." Chiras wiped his brow and stood up to look at his masterpiece, his beauty Toria!

'Good work.' Chole congratulated him. 'It took you 23 minutes and 38 seconds. With practice I then we can get it down to 15 seconds. Initiating the merger process.'

She looked exactly as he imagine she would be, from her innocent, dreamy face as she snoozed to the soft contours of her soft and yet superbly sturdy and flexible bosom that bobbed invitingly as she moved air through her lungs, to the slenderness of her well toned arms, legs and fingers, to curving slopes of her waist. His eyes lingered for a moment on her inviting cleft, the entrance to her womanhood and he felt his lust building in his groin as it would explode. He felt going a few rounds right here just as he slept and he...no, wait, no he wouldn't!

"Arma!" He snapped at her and she giggled sheepishly, her small shoulders cutely bobbing up and down in laughter. He fumed at her.

"Ahaha, I nearly had you." She said in jest. "Really master, what is wrong, why not satisfy your urges?" She sidled up to him like a succubus, swaying her hips seductively as she moved, coming next to him to look him straight in his eyes. Chiras could feel his ire raise in blasphemy!

"Do you really need to ask what is wrong!? How could I do something so vile towards an defenseless girl!?" He raised his voice in outrage, glaring down at her. Armatia brushed away his temper and grinned.

"So you prefer them to be awake and...resistant? That can be arranged." She snapped her finger and with a start, Toria woke up. Her dark crimson eyes snapped open and she peered at the two visitors. With her customary grace, Armatia snaked her way to Toria and grasped her hand in her own.

"Toria Goldberg how do you feel? The operation was a success!" She announced beaming.

"I...uh..." Toria glanced around at her body, feeling her contours.

"...is my skin brown? Also I seem to be taller..." She said, some uncertainty creeping into her voice. Armatia just stood by her side smiling.

"Is it day? How long was I asleep?" Her eyesight was so much better now that the night seemed that way to her. "Huh?" She noticed the turned on lamplight next to her and focused on the details of her room realizing that now she see even the distant fingerprints on the glass of the window. And beyond it, the stars shone brightly against the night sky.

"You did more than just heal me didn't you?" Her voice was perfectly neutral as she asked, but Chiras could sense both her elation and unease as he peered into her mind. He smiled to reassure her.

"How do you feel Toria? I was the one that worked on you." Realizing that she was naked in the presence of the lord, Toria started to blush and stammer.

"I-I-"

"Get up." Chiras ordered her. Armatia moved next to him and spread her arms, manifesting a body sized mirror in front of her. Toria swayed her long legs to the side and stood up to her full height, towering over the two of them. She gazed at her reflection in the mirror, feeling slight arousal that was soon replaced by curiosity.

"This is...me?" Her thin brows went up in question. She rotated and swayed her own reflection, moving her arms about. She touched her face and suddenly her expression became mixed with concern.

"Oh my lord," she pleaded with him, "why did you have to make me an southerner? What will the other think of me now? They won't even recognize me as who I was!" She nearly wailed, her eyes becoming wide in fright.

"I have decided to take you as my student." He announced.

"My lord?" Her expression turned to confusion. Armatia let the illusionary mirror disappear.

"You will become my student." Chiras declared once more. Before, Toria happiness could begin to blossom, Armatia interfered turning it into horror.

"But master, how will she pay for it? She is just a poor waif, she could never afford to be under your distinctive tutelage." Armatia play acted. Being called master by her made his skin crawl, but he hid the unease. Toria turned to look at him with fear. In response Chiras gazed at her lustily from her to toe, and guessing his intensions, Toria's blush deepened.

"In the world I dream of, money does not matter." Chiras declared following through with Armatia's intensions. "Instead she will pay for it..." pausing dramatically, he looked straight into her eyes and focused her aetheric powers.

"...With her affection." He blasted her full on with it, like a true necromancers, flipping the switches in her soul as Armatia did to him, enslaving her with love and deep within her subconscious, cultivating her appreciation of the highest art that was soul manipulation.

"Yes, I will!" Toria acquiesced, realizing Chiras' intentions perfectly and feeling the best that she ever did in her life, not even realizing that at that point she had become one of the Inspired! She fidgeted nervously in place with a goofy smile on her face unsure of how to proceed.

"Then go to the bed and deliver the proof of your submission to your new master." Armatia issued an order to her as if it came from the emperor's own mouth. As Chiras watched Toria move to the bed swaying slightly, unsteady on her new legs, and lie on her back before spreading her legs like the wings of an eagle, baring her heart towards him and Armatia. At the back of his mind Chiras understood that by accepting soul manipulation as rightful he had crossed the line he would never be able to take back.

To the side, Armatia too was undressing, throwing her shirt and then her skirt on the dirty brown rug in the room, as if etiquette was the furthest thing from her mind.

'Humph, has hesitating ever made anyone anything?' He asked himself rhetorically as he watched her and finally, he let go of his inhibitions, letting his lustful nature come forth to the surface.

As he gazed at Toria's naked, submissive form what he felt was not lust, it was an urge to break her, to completely and utterly dominate her mentally. The crude act of sex was not even necessary; he could affix the pattern of ultimate pleasure even with just a simple embrace. With a look or a touch now, he could bring a woman to the heights of ecstasy undreamed of!

Chiras submerged himself into Toria's sea.

Perhaps, it was good that the act was so crude and female beauty so ungainly. It suited a necromancer such as himself well, to dabble in such filth and darkness.

Armatia joined them and then the three of them swam together.


...It was a good thing Armatia told Toria's mother not to interrupt them should her daughter start screaming. Although, she might have been confused how the screams coming from inside the room definitely weren't those of pain!

Armatia taught his quite a bit about how to manipulate pleasure patterns that night. It was saddening despite how much care he showed when he operated on Toria's body before, he lost control for a moment and he killed her once (and nearly twice) during the lovemaking session.

Oh well...

At the end of it he still got a cute new student that followed him like a puppy and ate out of his hand.

---

"Ummm..." In the kitchen, the pots were softly boiling as the flames underneath the stove simmered.

"Hello..." *cut cut cut* The kitchen knife whizzed through the air, rapidly dicing the radish into pieces on the cutting board.

"Ummm..." A faint feminine voice came from behind and trickled into Nascisa's ears. At first she thought a child has gotten lost and turned around to give instruction, but recoiled in startlement and nearly dropped the knife as she saw the figure behind her. Tanned brown skin and predatory red eyes peered back at her, and the mature woman who by her impeccable looks must have been a noble or surely the wife of one. Tight, almost too short azure white dress curved around her slender figure reaching to her thighs similarly to the way Armatia dressed and across her back, her ebony black hair unfurled nearly scraped the floor as she moved.

In her modest judgment the dress was altogether too cheap given her looks and with a glance at her feet, Nascisa noted that she was wearing only peasant's sandals. Returning her gaze to her face, Nascisa took in the look in her eyes, it was scared and apprehensive, nervous like a child's that entered a dark cave and on the spot she decided that the woman couldn't possibly be a noble.

Nascisa collected herself and rallied from the initial shock, before asking in slightly haughty tones, crossing her arms in front and raising her chin (although given the height difference that could have been mistaken for merely not wanting to look up at her.)

"Yes, how my I help you?" The woman child in front of her looked like she wanted to run.

"I am...um...master Chiras' new student...and uh..." the woman child blushed meekly "...concubine." That last part was almost a whisper, but it struck her with the force of a thunderclap. The woman girl intertwined her fingers in a cup in front of her and blinked a few times as if hoping she would not be judged to harshly.

"Uh..." Now she was at the loss of words, "...did you say concubine? Is that true?"

"Yes." Toria smiled softly. At once, Nascisa realized that she had lost all chance at getting closer to the lord. After the loss of his wife Nascisa being the sinful greedy woman that she was, worked hard to become a maid, seeing her chance to seduce into the upper strata. Tyiphis, Hells take her, told her outright that she did not have the looks for it, her face was too pudgy and her hands were too clammy she said, but as soon as the elegant beauty in front of her said that she was his student and concubine she felt her pride as a woman crumbling like glass. It was impossible to delude herself any longer. Despite five years of trying the lord had never even looked at her once as a woman.

She felt like crying inside, knowing that she would never match up to her. Whatever tiny hopes she had drifted away from her heart like dandelion seeds, never to return again...

"Is there something wrong?" The woman in front of her asked, sensing her distress, not even realizing that she had struck a nerve or perhaps realizing it too well and rubbing it in, pretending to be innocent.

"No..." She Nascisa collected herself. "Are you looking for the lord?"

"Yes, is he here? Last night he told me to report to him after I wake up."

"Last night?"

"Yes, I was gravely ill until the good lord and lady Armatia visited me. They were very nice to me and told me they would hire me here, to allow me to repay their kindness. My name is Toria Goldberg, pleased to meet you." Perhaps lord Chiras was too nice to touch such a sweet innocent flower...no, did she say Goldberg? Nascisa did not know everyone in the city, but she would have heard rumors about a woman such as this...and did she say Armatia? That fiend from Hell, corrupting everyone, giving youth and beauty and power to everyone, but herself damn her, this was all her fault!

"So you are fine now? That is good to hear." Nascisa responded cordially, in great contrast to what she actually felt.

"Yes." Toria beamed.

Damn her, damn Armatia, damn her to Hell, how dare she give her blessing to everyone but her! Why!? Did she slight her in some way!? First Galsana, then Roderick and Lucius (of whom the less she thought of the better,) and lastly this chit in front of her!

"At this time he is usually busy in his office. Let me set the stove right..." She pick out a bit of firewood, opened the iron doors and chucked it in before turning back to her, "...there. Let's go see what he is up to, shall we?" Nascisa beamed and lead the way outside. Toria's mood brightened in turn and she followed her. On their way out they ran into the man amongst men, Roderick. Behind her Nascisa could imagine Toria gape. Stalking the halls of the mansion like a tiger, he slowly affixed them with his piercing dark gaze and as he moved power, grace and vigor rippled across his frame, his lean muscles easily visible even through the folds his black butler's suit.

"Hello Roderick. This is Toria Goldberg, master's new student and hire." Nascisa introduced her. Even she herself had difficulty believing that the tall handsome man in front of her used to be the old geezer Roderick.

"Nice to meet you miss Goldberg." The way he spoke was deep and soothing with an undercurrent of confidence. "I am mistress Armatia's student." He offered his hand in greeting, smiling at her. Unsure where to look, Toria sheepishly took it too tongue tied to even answer. Roderick firmly shook it a few times and then slowly and gracefully continued on his way.

When they were safely out of earshot, Toria let out the breath she was holding and exhaled.

"That man was the most handsome I've ever seen!" She exclaimed, looking down at Nascisa in wonder.

"Roderick? He is eighty, no eighty one years old. A bit too old for me." Nascisa teased. Toria sputtered as if something stuck in her throat, bringing a smirk to her lips.

"On Zin's name, swear that this is true!" The taller girl stared at her in wonder.

"It is true." She reassured her.

"Master Chiras..." Toria became awestruck, cupping her hand in front of her bosom and uttering lord Chiras' name as if he was a God.

They walked across the halls of the mansion for a while.

"The mansion feels very lonesome, these rooms," Toria waved to the side, "they are empty aren't they?"

"Yes, the scarlet fever has been difficult on us all. Five years ago half of our staff, who were mostly older people serving the family for generations perished and the rest left for safer places." Nascisa explained, not desiring to recollect those times too closely. "We used to have guests here often, and now only occasionally. It is great that we finally have some new people here for a change." Although the word 'new' has taken an entirely new meaning since Armatia arrived. And a host of other words for that matter, Nascisa noted sarcastically.

"Yes, I lost all of my grandparents during those times. I am sorry for bringing it up." The mansion was getting worn and in need of renovation in Nascisa's opinion, Nascisa thought as she glanced at the faded colors and cracks in plaster. The mansion was too big for just her, Time, Tyiphis, Hirelse and Roderick to manage.

Eventually, they arrive at the master's quarters. Nascisa gave a few knocks and bowed respectfully with her hands cupped downwards when Chiras opened the door a few moments later.

"Master Chiras!" Toria squeaked cutely.

"Hello, Toria." He looked her up and down, appearing to be in thought. "Come inside, I'll make you an maid's uniform myself." He held the door open to her and Toria ventured inside. A moment later, it occurred to him that Nascisa was still waiting for his instructions. "Good work, Nascisa. You may go back to your duties."

"Yes, sir." He closed the door shut. Nascisa took a few steps away from the room, hurrying as leaving the stove unattended for was dangerous, when a squeal from inside the room stopped her in her tracks.

"Hyaaaa!!! No master not there!!!" Like a happy rodent's, Toria's voice brimmed with satisfaction from the bottom of her soul. It immediately put a damper on her mood. Scowling at the door, Nascisa cursed her, cursed her to death!

She slinked away in abject defeat, not caring even if the mansion burned down.

---

Still dejected, with a sigh of longing, Nascisa gingerly deposited the red meat slices off the wooden board onto the frying pan, when a tap on the kitchen doorframe from behind interrupted her.

Usually she would turn around and greet the visitor, but all of a sudden she became very fearful. Pangs of guilt burst into her consciousness.

"Hello, Nasci." The deep almost sinister voice of her mistress drifted melodiously into her ears and Armatia's arms, like twin snakes, embraced her from behind.

She could not hear her move at all.

Armatia's hands moved and fondled her bosom and her delicate tongue brushed against the side of her cheek. Her teeth started nibbling at her delicate ear.

"Aah!" A soft moan escaped her lips. Her legs started quivering and only Armatia's firm grip kept her from collapsing on the stove in front of her, not letting up her caresses and fondles on her breasts as she did so.

Nascisa leaned back into her and yelled out, "Please stop mistress!"

"Why should I?" Armatia whispered. "It is only right that I play with what is mine!" She squeezed her bosom firmly eliciting a gasp from Nascisa. She could not see Armatia's face, but on it was a ravenous sharklike grin, hungry for her soft luscious body!

"N-no! I belong to master Chiras! Please unhand me!" Nascisa wailed. She could not even think and she felt like she would break against Armatia's expert touches at any moment, but still she resisted her out of faithfulness.

"Oh hohoho!" Armatia laughed mockingly, not releasing her grip, either on her body or on her mind, "But master Chiras does not want you does he?" Armatia's corrupting whispers assailed her, like from the mouths of Mnoleg. "All this time, you've served him faithfully, but he never even laid his eyes on you! During this time your womanhood yearned for his caresses...and rotted." Her heart felt like it was in freefall. How could it even be possible that Armatia understood her inner world so well?

"It is okay...it is fine..." She twisted her nipples over the rough fabric of her clothing.

"Ah-ahhhhh!!!" Nascisa felt close to ascending. Her breathing became laborious and heated, and she yearned for badly for sweet release.

"It is not your fault." Armatia relented her pressure a little, denying her what she yearned so madly. "Pledge your soul to me, your body and I will take you as my student. You will not have to feel shame standing next to that trollop!" Armatia's voice was vicious and scathing as she derided Toria.

"Never! I believe in the holy Trinity! You might have my body, but you will never have my soul, necromancer!" Nascisa spat out, disgusted at her own faithlessness, finding the resolve to oppose Armatia deep within. "Justice will come to the righteous!" Nascisa had no idea what she was saying anymore. Did she not dream of becoming like Galsana, like Roderick and Lucius? A deep sadness overcame her even as she spoke the words of defiance. Somewhere deep within, she hoped that Armatia would squash her will; make her submit fully with her horrifying powers, so that when Zin weighted her soul she could say that she was forced to bow, that she had no other choice but to lick her foot.

"A pity." Disappointment coating her voice, Armatia coldly dropped her to the floor. "I guess I will have to find somebody else. Like Time or Beethoven...I think Beethoven would look absolutely lovely as a girl." Armatia spoke to herself as she turned to leave.

Seeing absolute ruin and obsolescence encroaching upon her as the transformed figures of Time and Beethoven, beautiful beyond measure flashed through her mind, Nascisa leapt and grasped her ankles absolutely desperate to avoid being pushed over the ruinous chasm.

"Huh?" Armatia glanced below her, disgusted at the strange creature groveling before her.

"Please don't!"

"What?"

"Choose me!" She screamed as if begging for her dear life.

"Hmm...do you wish to give up your soul in exchange?" Armatia leered at her, easily slipping free past her grasp.

"I do!" Tears started streaming down her face and she started crying. "I, Nascisa Heartspring bow the great and almighty Black Sun, may she do as she wish with me! I renounce Elyvilon!"

"Waaaahhh!!!" She wailed into the floor at her feet. "Please have mercy on me mistress! Forgive me! I am sorry!"

"I don't believe you." Nascisa became petrified.

'W-What!? What more does she want from me!? I-I have nothing more to give!' Her tears run dry and she started trembling in horror as she looked up at Armatia's burning jade embers that seared into her soul. Armatia's expression softened and she crouched next to her.

"I believe you when you say that your soul belongs to me. But you haven't been completely honest with me haven't you? You Nasci are a very naughty maid aren't you?" She smirked.

"..." She could only stare at her agape, too shocked and fearful to respond, afraid that saying something stupid might set Armatia off at any time.

"As your master, I think I should know all that there is to know, don't you think?" Armatia's countenance became more evil by the moment and Nascisa was seriously considering bolting. Whatever was going to come it would be Bad.

"Mistress, please..." She trembled, kneeling on the floor awkwardly.

"I do have a little spell to help you with honesty. Honesty is very important don't you think. I will cast Honesty." Nascisa could not sense anything, but a moment later Armatia got up and said, "Done. Now tell me how you truly feel?"

For a moment, she thought she would be fine, as she sensed no changes in herself. Then she opened her mouth.

"How dare you play with me like this, you whore!" Nascisa spat out her voice laced with venom. Armatia grinned.

'Oh no...no, no, NO!' Tears started streaming down her face, but her mouth had a life of its own.

"Is there a single person in this world you wouldn't have sex with? You did it with that whore Toria last night didn't you? You don't have to answer that, I already know. Everybody knows." Even as she spoke that she wanted to die.

'Please stop, please STOP!' She pleaded with herself. She could not even begin to imagine what sort of cruelty the spell Armatia cast on her would wrench from the depths of her heart.

"I really like the way you dress. Tell me mistress, how often while roaming the streets have you gotten mistaken for a streetwalker? And how often have you accepted their offers? I am guessing all the time..." She felt something inside of her snap and crack. Armatia's grin, as she looked down at her started to look worn and a part of her that was still sane told her that a lot of pain was coming her way.

'...' It was useless to plead. And she couldn't stop thinking.

'...' She might as well go out in a blaze of glory, if things were like this. Her life was completely useless as it was anyway. She got up to her feet and looked her square in the eyes. She saw her own death reflected in it.

"I hate you, I hate you so much. How could you turn a proud man such as Lucius into a girl? She is barely who she was two days ago. And now you said you even want to do the same with Beethoven. Who is next, master Chiras?"

"Probably. Also, they can look whatever they wish, they can think whatever they wish, they just chose their aesthetics based on what would please me the most out of loyalty. They are not my thralls. The restrictions I placed on them were so they do not abuse their powers."

"After they finish their training, they will have complete freedom. The power I am giving is the ability to change one's self. It cannot be controlled. I wish for a world with free willed people." Armatia continued.

'That can't possibly be true.' Nascisa reasoned, but kept it to herself wanting to hear what Armatia has to say until the end.

"In return, what could they possibly pay me back with for all that I would give them. Money and material possession are completely worthless to me."

"I am not obligated to give anyone for power for nothing. Is asking for their affection in return really so much?"

"I don't believe a world you are saying. If you wish for a world where everyone has free thoughts, why would you put everyone around you through such humiliations? I do not know how free willed people would act, but it is definitely not the way Galsana, Roderick, Lucius and master do. I can almost see them wagging their tail as soon as you enter the room." Armatia's eyes narrowed at her and her voice was silky smooth as she responded next.

"Oh, really? And you were so envious at how much fun Toria was having with master Chiras, just moments before." Nascisa was taken aback by that comment and went red in the face, feeling the momentum of her words completely wane as if her spirit was uprooted. "What did you feel when you first saw Galsana reborn? It was certainly not disgust."

She could not at all deny Armatia's sentence.

"I can see in your heart. You hated Toria for loving. You hated her for seeing her affections returned. And you hated a crone like Galsana for suddenly leapfrogging you in beauty. If only...You...Weren't so...UGLY!" Nascisa wanted to beg her to stop. Stalked, she shriveled backwards until her waist touched the end of the kitchen counter.

"You disgusting creature, have you ever been happy for another human being? Did you feel anything other than envy at them for having what you don't?" Sweat poured down her face.

"No." She confessed, still under the effect of truth spell and cried into her hands. "I...I hate myself."

"Naughty maids need to be punished. Bend over the counter."

"Ohh..." Squelching her tears, Nascisa did as ordered, not daring disobeying her dreadful mistress and stuck out her ass like a child about to be spanked.

"You stupid maid...why did you resist me?" Armatia asked her from behind, looming over her with her hand raised. Nascisa dared not - dared not! - answer that question mustering all of her willpower into just bearing with it and gritting her teeth as she bent over, bracing for the incoming strike against her buttock, holding onto every last scrap of her tattered dignity.

"Answer Me!" Armatia commanded, imbuing her voice with the purest divinity. Her aetheric might easily brushed away the pitiful remnants of Nascisa's free will, prying the truth from her closed lips.

"Because I did not want to submit! I wanted the beauty and the power, but I hate bowing to people!" She screamed out. Armatia's hand slammed on her ass in punishment.

"AAAaaaaahhh!!!" Nascisa screamed out, nearly passing out from shock. Armatia's strike was relatively light, but from her hand emanated a shock that burst all throughout her body, jostling her innards and making her feel like vomiting. An incredible agony engulfed her very being and for a moment she wished that Armatia just plunged a dagger into her heart and send her to the dark Gods for her transgressions, a fitting punishment for a worm such as herself...but then, she felt an inner fire boiling inside of herself that told her she can take it.

"What is wrong with submitting!? Aren't you a maid!?" She slammed her buttock again. It felt being mauled by a stone giant and bolted by a pack of yaktaurs. She felt her body bursting and being torn apart and there was no part from where she did not feel pain...and yet...she wanted more!

"Ahhhahhhh!!! I hate being a maid, I hate submitting! I want to rule!" She yelled out her heart's desire. Only those who go beyond the call of duty, that challenged what was most the unpleasant inside of them that go over the bridge and to the other side. Nascisa was not one of those people, but with every single touch, with every single world, Armatia was slowly pushing her there.

But describing the process of self improvement as challenging that which was unpleasant greatly understates the determination necessary to succeed. The determination necessary was to defile all the values held dear for power, to desecrate the sanctity of life itself. That is what it means to be a death user.

"You stupid maid! What is wrong with being a servant!?" She slammed her buttock. Nascisa braced for it this time, and despite feeling like she was hit like a battering ram she let the pain empower her. Out of the corner of her eyes she could see her hair turning red, but immediately discarded it as a useless detail. Nascisa craned her head and looked at Armatia with all the spite she could muster.

"Someone like you could never understand! Being forced to bow, being forced to scrape, to grovel for scraps! Being told to pray and be faithful while the Gods never answer!" Armatia slammed ass her again and again. Thunder flashed through Nascisa's mind and she felt like she would pass out, but held on. A feeling as if she was being reborn engulfed her very being.

"I...I HATE PRAYING! The Gods be damned!" Words of sacrilege that would have brought the noose around her neck had she uttered them in polite society, escaped her lips. She didn't care anymore. Nothing of her was of any value anyway. Armatia had broke her, utterly and completely until not a single scrap of dignity remained...But still...She hated praying...

"Ahhh-ahhhh-ahhhh!!!" Armatia slammed her again and she cried out in Torment, feeling for the umpteenth time like her soul would float out from her body. Then suddenly a new connection wormed its way into her brain, and she could the situation from an entirely different perspective with crystal clear clarity.

Why did she hate praying? Why did she hate submitting? Why did she want to rule?

Armatia slammed her again, jostling her soul, but she willed the pain to be silent as if a force from beyond aided her.

Why did she resist this woman? She was going to give her both power and beauty and she resisted her!

Again the tap came and she screamed out, but somewhere inside of her where new thoughts were born, the pain was only abstraction, dimly echoing through the dark infinities that were the abyss of her mind and not disrupting her tranquility.

"You stupid maid, you stupid maid!" Armatia cried out. "I am a servant too!" She dispensed righteous punishment once more and the pain felt so, so good, like it was purifying her soul! She wanted more, so much more!

"Kkkkkkhhhh!!!" Nascisa grit her teeth as the blast went through her and then craned her neck towards Armatia, still bend over the counter and completely missing the burnt smell of the roast beef off to the side. "I did not feel that at all! You hit weak, my lady!" She jeered practically suicidal. Armatia scowled, her rage simmering at the impertinent fool in front of her.

What did submitting or not submitting have to do with power?

Her determination was weak, far too weak. She had to go at least as far as bowing, at least as far as praying. She had to satisfy the woman that would give her power.

'What did Armatia like?' Nascisa asked herself.

The answer was obvious - punishing the naughty maids such as herself!

So she would be naughty!

"I am weak!?" Armatia screamed in outrage. "I am going to destroy you. Feel my Torment!" Armatia slammed and ravaged her ass like a hasted Executioner, whirring her hands through the air to inflict the most pain and unholy torment on the poor, innocent maid in front of her that she possibly could.

"Ahhahhahh!!!" Nascisa turned the pain into pleasure as it came, feeling as if she was ascending into heaven. "Ooooohhhh ooooohhhh yeesss!!! Please punish me more!!!" She begged Armatia with a broad goofy smile on her face, tears of pure bliss coming from the sides of her eyes. It finally occurred to her that her hair had an radiant shade of red, and when she raised her hand to brush it away, she noted that her fingers were no longer clammy and thick, but long and slender like she always dreamed them to be.

Irate at her reaction, from behind Armatia wrenched her from the counter by her breasts and squeezed them until they nearly popped. Once more Nascisa felt like she had ascended to heaven and went limp in her mistress' hands. Below, her long and slender trembling legs turned into jelly. With the patience of a saint Armatia positioned her hands on Nascisa's nipples like tweezers and waited for her to come to her senses.

"Hah...hah...hah...thank you my mistress...The naughty maid Nascisa Heartspring, has been thoroughly spanked...hah. I promise I won't do anything bad ever again." She lied. Nascisa's eyes were glazed, her perfect face flushed and her breath heated from the intense disciplinary action.

"Let me ask you again, submit to me." Armatia ordered. Nascisa had to take a few moments to process the request, but then she realized that when she bowed and scraped and pleaded for her to accept her and pledged her soul and body...that she really had lied. She could go so much further than she did and she moved to do so.

In the abyss of her mind, Nascisa's second self collected all the thoughts that connected to her mistress and changed them, propagating the changes and reconfiguring her lower self for perfect deference towards Armatia, turning the dominant emotion she felt towards her into pure, deep love that would never fade unless she excised it manually.

'Tell her how you feel towards her.' She messaged her first self.

Nascisa now felt love.

Smiling, with a light blush on her cheeks she turned to look upwards into Armatia's eyes and beamed. She planted a kiss on her lips, and truly gave Armatia her heart.

"I love you mistress Armatia. I am yours in body and soul."

She had completely deserved every bit of suffering that was ever inflicted on her in her life, and she felt like weeping at Armatia's kindness for with her beating, she taught her how to turn pain into pleasure and the true meaning of love. She taught how to use her desires instead of being used by them like an animal.

And Nascisa realized, up until now, she had only ever pretended to submit or bow; she never really put her heart into her work as a maid. Perhaps if she tried she could find pride and enjoy it.

She could go further than bowing and scraping to Armatia. If she tried, she could love her and make her mistress' desire, her own instinct.

Armatia's smile widened to reveal a razorlike set of teeth like a shark's and Nascisa insides tightened in eager anticipation of being devoured, fully trusting in her mistress. Armatia did not disappoint; with her two carefully positioned hands she clamped on her nipples and twisted them in a way that would have been incredibly painful for an ordinary woman.

A lightning bolt of pure pleasure went through her body and for merely an instant, Nascisa experience true heaven on earth! Then, even her Inspired Will not being able to bear it, her mind blanked out and she faded into the black, murky unconsciousness.

As her new body was pretty sturdy, Armatia just let her fall down on the floor of the kitchen and took stock of her surroundings. She sniffed and glanced towards the stove. On the frying pan, the meat was burned to a crisp and trailing black smoke and in the pot next to it the soup was boiling and undoubtedly mush now.

She had so focused on rap-that is training Nascisa that she had forgot all about lunch and now it was completely ruined!

She poked her head out of the doorway and realized she had also forgot to create a Silence barrier beforehand.

Outside the kitchen, arrayed in a line on both sides some distance from the doorway, the whole Galsanmour family had gathered and was listening in to what the two of them were doing inside the kitchen with mixed looks of shock, confusion, awe, fear and approval.

On the left side, against the wall stood Beethoven, Hirelse and Galsana. Beethoven was as white as a sheet as he met her gaze with his mouth agape and Hirelse was modestly aroused and similarly had her mouth hanging open like Beethoven. Their grandmother (who looked younger than them) had a knowing smile, befitting an older lady a slight red tinge on her cheeks.

Looking to the right, Armatia saw Time looking at her with wide eyes and her mouth agape, blushing and looked away as soon as she met her gaze and next her were the men: Chiras, Roderick and Lucius (who was a short, slender dark haired lolita in a black low-cut dress now.) They raised their hands and as one gave her a thumbs up. A moment later, as Toria realized she was being outvoted, she corrected her reaction from utter shock to approval and gave her the thumbs up also, grinning all the while!

Yeah, you go Arma! Rape that maid!

"You fiend, what did you do to our maid!? I will-" Suddenly recovering from his paralysis, Beethoven stomped straight at her, his azure eyes narrowed in fury. Before he could raise his hand, Armatia turned towards him and spoke two simple words, "Go away."

"Ok." Obeying at once, Beethoven turned on his heel and vanished from her sight, rapidly leaving for his room.

After a momentary consideration, Armatia turned to the others.

"Excuse me my servants, I messed up the lunch during the training session." An uncomfortable grin jumped on her face for a moment, too fast for her to suppress. "I'll try and see if I make something up with my powers. Meanwhile Roderick," she turned to him, "carry Nascisa up to her room. She is currently unconscious on the floor of the kitchen."

"Ohhh my~" Galsana gasped. Armatia ignored her outburst and continued, turning to Chiras next.

"Chiras, give her your copy of the Book of the Dead Names or make her another one. Actually, make a copy, it will be good practice. The rest of you..." she moved her gaze across them, "...I'll have somebody fetch you when the lunch is done."

"Dismissed!"

---

Hearing a knock on the door of his office room, Chiras looked up from paper he was scribbling on and looked up. Sensing Armatia on the other side, his mood brightened automatically and he got up and opened the door to let her in.

"Hello mas-Armatia!" He beamed at her, clumsily correcting himself at the last moment. Whenever he had called her master in the past few, she had been quick to correct him that she was in fact his servant, and that she had no intention of controlling him out of all people and that he should be free to pursue his own ends instead of her own. And then like at that night, she preached to him about Free Will and Equality.

At first, he felt warmed up to those notions, but lately the more he thought about it, the less they made sense as virtues. Power made sense, in fact, it was the prime virtue, but could it really be said that it was connected to Free Will when his every thought, emotion and impulse was created by subconscious processes and his very being was under complete mercy of his own second who had absolute power over life and mind, who was in turn under complete mercy at the hands of his third self?

He could imagine his past self saying to him that he was a slave now, under the complete control of others. He would not be able to say to him that he is wrong, and yet...and yet he could now do so much more than as a human! Far, far, faaar more! Even though his soul belonged to others, his own higher selves, he was so much freer than before.

It did not feel the least bit humiliating. He recalibrated that emotion long ago. And he felt so envious at Nascisa yesterday when master gave her her affections.

The only tinge of sadness that he had is towards Beethoven. It has been difficult on him, to see his father and those around him change in strange and inexplicable way in both body and spirit.

He would not understand if her tried to explain it; soul manipulation was incredibly difficult to reason through and justify and he loathed the inadequacies of human language to describe it.

He would have to talk to master about that good thing that she was here.

The time unfroze and Armatia walked into his well furnished room and plopped herself on the cashmere sofa opposite from his desk.

"Hello Armatia, what brings you here? What will you teach me next, how to make the apples fall up? Or how to make the sun frozen? Or how to run on air?" At any rate, he made it shown on his face that he was very much looking forward to her lesson whatever it was.

Armatia crossed her slender, impeccable legs and peered at him.

"I actually know how to do the last one, but not today. I have something else in store for you, and then I will be done with your training. For certain, you will be your own being after this." She cleared her throat and burned her gaze into him, delivering her order with the force of a titan. "First of, stop loving me. Invert your bond towards me into hate."

Chiras' mouth gaped like a fish being forced to swim on land.

"N-no, I..."

"It is necessary. Do it."

"Fine..." He pouted, "...but at least let me make it indifference. If it's hate I might attack you." Armatia nodded and Chiras closed his eyes. When he opened them, his azure topazes were crystal clear and indifferent as they looked at Armatia and his smile turned into a frown.

"Make it quick my servant, I do not have all day."

"Ahaha," Armatia giggled a little at the sting, "you're so cold. Is that any way to talk to a person who gave you so much?" Chiras ignored her, burying his face in the paper he was working on.

"Ok, my master, your challenge today will be simple - do not have sex with me." At that proclamation, Chiras' pen dropped out of his hand and rolled off the desk on the floor. Snorting, he turned his head towards her to make a sarcastic comment, when he saw Armatia's form shrouded in ethereal wispy darkness as it shifted into something else.

When the inky black mist covering her form vanished, whereas once there has been a pretty girl, there was now a tall, handsome shirtless man, spread eagled on the sofa grinning at him. His green eyes were narrowed straight at him, and his teeth were white and perfect, trying to infect him with his cheer. His skin was unblemished and impeccable, and rippling, well toned muscles lie interwoven across his arms and body, radiating masculinity. On his trousers, the belt was unbuckled and the top button undone as if inviting the onlookers as to what secrets lie beneath. He was undoubtedly the most handsome man Chiras ever laid his eyes on, even more so than Roderick.

The feeling that rose within his chest as he looked onto his shinning features...was puke!

"Uahhh!!!" Chiras grimaced, not seeing how he could possibly fail Armatia's challenge. "I am no homo!"

"It is good..." the man spoke slowly, with a deep masculine drawl, "...to broaden one's experiences." He did not seem to care about the rejection in the slightest.

"At least put on a shirt. What would the others think if they saw us you whore!?"

"Heh." He smirked in jest for a bit and then his smile turned serious. "Prepare yourself." Armatia erupted with an impressive aetheric anima that engulfed Chiras like a wave, strong enough to make a lesser man submit a million times over. Focusing his own defenses, he brushed it aside.

There was no way he would ever have sex with a man. It was impossible.

Chiras eyed Armatia warily. He had not moved from his position at all and still had a languid posture despite the intensity of will emanating from him.

If he was still a human, Armatia could have very easily changed his preferences, but now she had underestimated his skills. He was not stupid; he had plenty of time alone to hone his defenses during the time Armatia was away. How foolish of her.

"Give up, you can't possibly win. My defenses are perfect. The only reason why you had such an easy time before is because I bared my heart to you. Apologize for your impertinence and I will revert to how I was." As much as he recoiled from it now, his vision of an ideal world has Armatia at the top and him below her. His true self is the one that loves her.

But that is no reason he should not punish her, should she go way out of line like now.

"I wonder. I already found a few gaps." Armatia responded his gaze firmly set on Chiras.

"This is not going to continue for long, is it?" Chiras wondered, not at all impressed by his bluster.

"If I can't do it in ten minutes then I will give up. It does not like it will be necessary though..." He let the sentence trail off.

Chiras want back to his work. He picked off the pen from the floor and went back to doing the bookkeeping for the upcoming tax report. Sometimes, he offloaded this work to outside contractors, but now as one of the Inspired, his writing was incredibly quick and precise and his thoughts flowed unlike ever before making even the tiresome work trivially easy.

Careful to keep an eye on his mental defenses, he slipped into the optimal workflow with practiced ease, feeling as if he was in complete relaxation resting on the sandy beaches of a tropical island. To him everything became an abstraction as he gently got on with his work, one of his hands easily and neatly filling the numbers on the paper in front as the other darted to the pile as high speed.

At one point something strange happened; as he reached for the pile with his left hand, instead of grabbing a sheet from the top, he undershot and knocked a few of them over.

"Huh?" He glanced at his hand in confusion. It was impossible that he would made a mistake, ever since he became a true necromancer, his motions were always impeccable. He glanced towards Armatia. He smiled at him from his position on the sofa, feigning innocence.

His thoughts whirred in rapid calculation as he soon came to the conclusion as to what was wrong - his arm had gotten shorter. And quickly judging the distance to the desk and to the floor, he realized that he had shrunk by a centimeter.

'Oh shit!' Immediately, he realized that Armatia was fleshcrafting him remotely. He had infiltrated past his defenses and was using his body's own resources too transform him!

He quickly moved to gather his reserves and fight back, but then the hold on his own powers slipped away, denied to him! He felt like he had been pushed off his seat into a very deep, dark hole as the light above rapidly receded from him.

"Uwaaa!!!" A scream ripped from his throat and panic rose from within and he felt himself changing underneath his clothes. His body shrunk and twisted, he felt his muscles slackening and his arms becoming slender until they were too short for sleeves, and his bronze blazer to large for his body. At the same time, his thighs thickened and his pants and underwear felt uncomfortably tight around his legs. He wanted nothing more than to take them off. As he squirmed on his seat, his boots slid of his feet.

Checking his hands underneath the sleeves he noted that they were slender and feminine...like a girls.

"Iiii!!!" The scream that came next from him was a good octave higher than before. The sound of his own voice intensified his unease even further and darting with his hands towards his groin area, he felt around and confirmed that now she had a cleft and that his manly Staff of Conjuration and twin Orbs of Destruction were missing, gone, vanished!!!

She turned her eyes up to look at him in fear and as soon as she met his eyes, her heart skipped a beat and heat started flushing her body.

'Ok, ok, ok, calm down Chiras, I might be a girl now, but I've changed a lot anyway. Recalibrating soul control as a positive was a far more drastic change than this and I was curious about this anyway after the talk with Lucius. It might be fun being a girl.' He imagined happily looking up Armatia as they walked through the city hand in hand. Armatia was her perfect usual self, and she Chiras herself was a cute girl a head shorter than with light blue, silvery hair and large azure eyes, and a cute frilly white dress that fit her innocent, blushing form so well. Peace and serenity filled her heart as she squeezed her mistress hand knowing that no matter what happened, she would always be there to protect her. Then her mistress left her for a moment, sadly letting go of her hand and went into a store to get her a present for her good behavior.

When she unpacked and slid off the wrapping present, her face beamed and she was overjoyed to find the thing lying within. A white dog's collar.

"Humph, having a nice dream?" Still lounging on the sofa, Armatia gruffly burst her daydreaming bubble before she could thank her mistress. Chiras could not help, but to blush and stammer a bit in his presence, as the part of her realized how abnormal her thought patterns were.

"Oooh, so you found a way!" She turned her cheek towards him. Her pants itched so much, and a thought came to her that she should take them off. It would feel so much better to let her legs breathe freely...and it is not like he could see her bottom half on the other side of the desk, so she should still maintain her modesty as long as she does not come out...

No!

"Yeah." She scowled at his impertinence.

"Don't think that you've won because of that! I've prepared for this and have multiple layers of redundancy! There is no way you will get through all of them! Unless you just smash my mind..." A concern popped up into her mind.

"Don't worry, I won't do anything to cause you harm. Do your best." It was so sweet of him how considerable he was...no...no, no, no, do not be swayed Chiras, focus!

She grasped at every last remnants of her drained magical vigor that Armatia had spent in transforming her and then burned away the rest...but it was so difficult and her legs yearned to be free!

No! It was a trap! A vile ploy by Armatia to loosen her for easier consumption!

Her mind worked in overdrive, doubling and tripling the redundant connections in her soul system even as Armatia assailed her, her poisonous influence corroding her very soul, corrupting the very essence of her being.

Beads of sweat manifested on her forehead and trickled down her soft cheek, and she bit her lip in consternation, trying to resist the pressure. She could see her soul connections change, but she was starting to lose the grasp on her mental map and her legs itched. Without her consent her hands worked downwards and unbuckled the belt on her trousers and softly and as quietly as she could, so Armatia did not notice she let them slip off her now slender legs and onto the floor.

She glanced up on the face to observe his reaction, and to her great relief it was as impassive as even, only his masculine, alluring, confident grin graced his face as he ravished her with his eyes. She would have no idea what she would do if he noticed; she would surely die of shame!

The pressure to submit was almost overbearing, but she fought it with all of heart and soul, staking her pride and modesty as a woman on it! She could not let a man own her!

"Chiras, did you take of your pants?" He asked her casually.

"N-NNOO-NO-NO! No I didn't!" She denied it, perhaps just a tad too strongly.

"That is fine..." He let the sentence trail, letting it imply thousands of possible things.

They stood in pained silence for what seemed like an eternity to her.

"UUUuuu!" She wailed, slamming her face into the desk, trying to force out the urges with pain. She made an imprint from the force of the blow, but it did not hurt even a little. "How much time is left?" She trusted Armatia to at least keep track of that.

"Fifteen minutes passed, only forty five left to go. Keep it up girl!" He encouraged her mockingly. Chiras cursed at herself under her breath, for blustering just a bit earlier to Armatia, after he entered her office, that she could endure this forever and simply acquiescing when Armatia suggested one hour instead.

If she lost, she would become his slave! A slave to this swine and brute of a man who had defiled so many innocent maidens before her! That could not be! If she lost, he would ruin her and her sweet daughter for marriage forever and after the word got out no man of upright standing would ever want them!

[Author's Note: Mind Control is so fun! My grin is thiiiiiiiiis big!]

She whimpered pathetically as her thighs started itching again, as if the underwear she wore had turned into poison ivy.

"Ahhhhh!!!" She shattered the wooden armrests on her chair in consternation, not being able to bear the unrelenting pressure of the impulses assailing her consciousness.

Hidden from Armatia's view, she ran her hands clumsily across her cleft, trying to beat back the urge, but it was no use. Her hands felt like dead man's hands and trying to scratch the itch was like trying to make the wound hurt less by picking at it. Instinctively, she realized that the only choice at relief would be to please the strange, foreign man that had invaded her life! But she could not, if she did so she would lose everything!

"Ahhh-ahhhh uaaaaa!!!" She burst into tears, realizing that she would definitely lose! There was too much time left!

"Come on, only seven minutes has passed! Don't give up now!" She looked up at him with glazed eyes, her spirit nearly broken. "Let's make a deal, you underwear itches doesn't it? Take it off. If you do I will reduce the target from the agreed upon three hours to two and a half and not only that I will lower your urge by a bit. How is that?" Armatia encouraged her. Chiras thought he was so kind that it was moving. If only she was not so stupid as to agree to this stupid game!

Hating herself, she nonetheless decided to acquiesce to his demands and dug with her hands downwards and careful not to tear or stand up, she leaned on one side and then the other and pried her pair of men's underwear and let it fall down her legs and on the floor.

'Men's underwear? Why am I wearing that?' She wondered and then remembered promptly. It was her usual fashion, the girls back at school always used to tease and make fun of them for her tomboyishness, and make foul comments behind her back but she showed them, she showed them all in the end! It was she who became rich and famous!

"Ahahahaha!" She cackled a little at the sweet memory of payback!

"Hey Chiras, show me your leg." Armatia suggested, bringing her out of her reverie and slamming her with the full force of his titanic personality.

"Ohh, you are interested aren't you?" She bluffed, carefully gauging his reaction. Seeing as he was mute, she dangled it just a little to probe him over the desk. It was long and slender, feminine and beautiful that would have had any man drooling over it, but the man among men, Armatia was mute and passionless as he looked listlessly at it, like a fine art critic analyzing the newest painting.

Despite that, it felt so good to do as he said. The realization nearly sent her into a tailspin, and she blustered, "You idiot, what are you making me do! No matter what I will not have sex with you!" She dreamed what it was like to be in his embrace, yearned for his touch!!!

"Fine...hey Chiras, do a little walk across the room. I want to see how you move."

"Forget it!"

"If you do it, I will lower the time remaining by one whole hour!"

Deliberating it in herself for a moment, she at last decided to acquiesce. Mustering all of her courage, Chiras got up from her seat and pushing down her oversized shirt so as to cover her crotch, walked across the room, sashaying her hips as she did so, doing it as sensually as possible to arouse the male vying for her attention.

Not that she wanted his attention in any way.

As she did, she imagined walking through the streets of Galsanmour like so with her legs exposed like a harlot, as the passersby, all of them nameless, faceless burly men leered at her, licking her figure with their lusty looks. Blushing deeply, she covered pulled down on her shirt, protecting her modesty as much as she could and ran into a nearby streets as the wolves around her had gotten restless, and started grabbing for her frail defenseless form. She ran through the dark, murky streets of her mind, until in front a group of brigands had banded together, cutting off her escape route. Frightful, she backed away a few steps and bumped into the front of the one of them behind her. Looking up behind her out of the corner of his she saw that the man leering down at her with an evil glint in his eyes was fat and burly, with the arms the size of her thighs. He assailed her and pulled her into his grasp and the others joined him, ripping away the thin covers protecting her and caressing her with their touches.

They felt so good, like the much-needed release she had yearned for!

She wanted to scream for help, but then the man behind her leaned next to her ear and whispered three little corrupting words, as if he ripped them from her own heart. "You want this."

He...he was right! She wanted their seed so badly! She wanted to be pinned against the wall and filled to the brim as she resisted! She wanted those vicious brutes to overpower her and drown her in pleasure! She wanted to be broken!

A thunderbolt rang across the murky sky as she finally admitted the yearning to herself.

"Ahhh!!!" In the real world, she realized that she was sitting on the floor of her room, making a nuisance of herself by futilely resisting. It would be so much better to just give up...

'No, don't give up!' Making no move to protect her feminine parts from sight, she got up from the floor and started unbuttoning her oversized shirt against the helpless agitation of a rapidly receding voice inside of her, that beat against the prison bars of her heart futilely like a convicted felon yearning for freedom.

The bronze blazer feel to the floor first and then the white undershirt joined it soon after, leaving her clad only in the loosely hanging, folded socks. As is her custom she did not wear brassiere as her breasts, while pert were tiny, which always annoyed her to no end and sometimes left her depressed.

Seeming completely at ease and appearing unaware about the tumult of irrational thoughts and emotions whirling throughout her mind, Armatia lounged on the sofa and waited for her to come to him. Since the start only four minutes and forty six seconds have passed. He could have done it sooner, but it was so amusing, teasing her like this!

With glazed eyes, Chiras, careful not to make her intentions felt, she slowly sashayed towards the man and leaned into him, getting a taste of his lips. They tasted better royal jelly, as if they were the nectar of the Gods itself. She braced her arms around his sturdy body and climbed into his lap for stability and then drank deeper from the well, feeling as if she was ascending into heaven. It hurt her pride to submit so she turned to look up at the impassive man and made it clear that she was giving in.

"I do not want you at all! I just wondered how your lips tasted! It does not count as sex!"

"Ok." Armatia responded, letting her do as she pleased. Scowling at his reaction, she dug into him again, suddenly afraid that it might never even come to sex at this rate. Not that she had any intention of doing it, but it hurt her pride for him to be so impassive! She had to rev up his vigor so that she could resist him properly, because this did not count!

"Ahhh!!!" She parted from him, trailing a thin line of saliva from her lips and glanced at him, hoping to see at least a little fire in his eyes. Nothing. Disappointing and hurt, she moved from his lap to the side, took one his arms (loving how ticker and well muscled it was compared to her own thin ones) and straddled her body against it.

"You brute do not think I like you! If I rub myself against your fingers it does not count as sex!"

...

"I am just using the tip!? It does not count as sex if it does not go in!"

...

"Ahhh...ahhhh...ahhhh! Nnnhhh! No, it does not count as sex unless you come inside of me!!!"

...

"Ohhh yesss!!! Please, desecrate me!!! Make me pregnant!!!! Ah ahh ahhh!!! I want your baby! I want your baby!!!"

---

"I'll come back in half an hour and we will try again." Outline by black flickering flames, Armatia transformed back into a woman and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her and leaving Chiras lying naked on the sofa. A puddle of bodily fluids market a spot on the floor below her, made when Armatia...

'Hey, hey! Gods, she was merciless today!' Armatia's presence gone, her second self's voice reached her again. Chiras ignored her, feeling completely stoned out of her mind by what happened previously. 'Damn, she really messed with your memory. Restoring...done. Stabilizing mental state.'

Feeling calm and collected again, Chiras sat up and looked at the room around her, remembering what had happened. Even worse, she remembered how she used to think. Armatia completely messed with her mind, implanting false memories and making her imagine that she really was a girl. A normal reaction would be complete outrage or shame and embarrassment at the complete desecration of her pride, dignity and values. It didn't matter. Soul manipulation was not at all something that she was against, and notions such as pride and dignity were for lesser creatures, not the Inspired.

Calmly, she glanced at the puddle on the floor and with a burst of aether coming from her slender from, evaporated it and drained the vigor released into her self. Thinking perfectly rationally, she realized that it was pretty nice of Armatia to leave her stuff with such high magical potency. Smiling just a little, she blushed faintly and raised a hand to her cheek. There was no point in being mad at him especially after he was so kind towards her...

'The first thing she did after breaking our defenses was trick you into thinking that resisting with willpower would work. Next time don't bother, just leap into his arms.' Her higher self communicated using the soul link, bridging their two minds together.

'Thank you for being so understanding. As expected, you understand me the best out of all. I couldn't live without you.' Mentally, she did a little bow to her higher self out of respect.

'I am only doing as I should; that is the principle that guides us. Initiating Merger. Done.'

Suddenly, Chiras could see every detail of her own mental patterns as they happened through Chole's eyes even as she was cut off by Armatia's mighty soul manipulation powers.

Her thoughts whizzed in all directions, stitching new connections and abstracting ideas for spells that would have had the mightiest archmages in existence weeping at their beauty and elegance and would have taken them millions of years of study to even begin to understand.

To counter Armatia's next attempt, using all of her transcendent effort, Chiras invented the Soul Shield, an impenetrable barrier of pure aether that repulsed any outside connections and drained aether from her surroundings, constantly channeling them to her.

She sat on her desk and waited. Time passed in the blink of an eye and Armatia returned again to the room. Still undressed, Chiras crossed her legs in front of her and grinned. Surrounded by a black anima, Armatia changed her gender once more in preparation, shifted her outfit to the previous shirtless one and plopped herself on the sofa. He glanced up to see Chiras naked, boring her azure orbs into him with a look of utter confidence, not caring even slightest about her immodesty.

"Not even Vehumet himself could break through this Shield!" She cajoled him. He eyed her warily for a few moments and raised his chin imperiously, appearing to have come to a conclusion.

"Inventive, but even that will crack under sufficient pressure."

"Don't be ridiculous, there is no way you could ever gather enough aether to break it though in just your body." She waved his comment aside, certain in her victory.

"Guess what today's lesson is about." He responded.

"Huh?" Before she could even blink, the Shield collapsed under the overwhelming pressure exerted on it from the outside. "Oh, no!" And then she felt the Urge, and the yearning for Armatia's touch.

'Chole, Chole, are you there!?' Panicking, she tried to reach her second self to no avail and realized that once more she had lost to Armatia. And then she realized what was going to happen.

She was prepared for this eventuality. Unslinging her legs, she hopped from the seat and walked over to Armatia intending to give herself to him to play with and get it over with so she could start the next round. Not caring for his gaze, with her bare legs she walked across the red cotton rug intending drape herself seductively around his body, when suddenly, Armatia got up from his seat, standing up to his full height, fully two heads taller than her and looked down at her, piercing her with his burning jade eyes. Startled by his inexplicable action and sudden change in demeanor, Chiras could only see a slight tinge of anger in his eyes before his hand came up and slapped her on the face. Feeling the most shocked that she ever had in her life, she was sent hurling to the floor and nearly felt like crying. She looked up at him and saw him lounging back in his seat looking at her with utter scorn and disdain.

Her frail form shivered in sadness and once more, properly chastised as to her proper place, she gathered her courage and with a less confident expression, reached out towards him and place her lips on his, entrusting her being fully to him despite the fact that he had hurt her. Inside of her self, she prayed that she would not reject her again.

The enormous uncertainty and the knowledge that should she not please him enough, he could easily torment her by withholding his touch until she broke, inflamed her feminine urges like none before and she truly felt like a thing, an object to be used by the man in front of her.

She lost herself completely to her passions, not caring even if the whole world saw her.


Half an hour later, closing the door behind her, Armatia once more left her on the floor of her room with her will utterly broken, her beautiful nymphlike body desecrated by the gallons of bodily fluids. Her eyes were completely blank and listless.

On her face was a blissful smile.

---

'Get up.' Chole ordered her, getting a bit irate at the constant failures herself. Once was too much, and the second was way over the line. Immediately, she cleansed her body of Armatia's juices, converting the thick syrupy fluid on her body into pure, distilled aether to power her soul.

Chiras did not mediate on Armatia's kindness or think of her in any way; instead she got rid of all stray thoughts, pushed aside the outside world and dove into the abyss of the mind.

'Chole, no matter how I twist and turn the thing over in my head, I do not think a better personal soul shield is possible.' She concluded after decade's worth of deliberation.

'That we will have to do it the same way as Armatia and cheat massively. Applying Modification.' Chiras sensed changes being propagated into her being, reshaping her mind for extreme creative ability. Distant voices, memories and fragments of both past and future filtered through her cognition and her mind converged into a single point, like a star collapsing into a singularity drawing in the rest of the universe into its all-devouring void. And from that darkness, a light came forth revealing to her the answer.

The next time Armatia came forward, she was ready.

---

Smoothly going past the door with her impeccable grace, Armatia entered the room as if it was her own and surrounded by umbral flames transformed into a man and leaned back on the sofa.

Chiras was sitting on her seat by the desk, dressed in strange wide sleeved robes Armatia had never seen before. On her face was a serious look. After reaching the answer, no longer did she feel the need to boast.

"No defenses?" Armatia asked her. Her long dress robes had varied yellow and red floral patterns on it that looked beautiful on her. It occurred to Armatia that this dress belonged to Chiras' dead wife and were a tad oversized for her new form.

"Look into my mind." Chiras instructed him. Armatia did so and came back surprised.

"It is empty." He announced. Then slowly, he raised his hands and clapped a few times jovially, "You got it. You've discovered the Phylactery. Bravo." Armatia praised her, seeming impassive for the first time and apparently dropping the alpha male act. Chiras scowled at him.

"These robes belonged to Ilinsea. When she died...I hated the world, I hated myself, I hated my own powerlessness. At all costs, I wanted to bring her back and undo the loss...but..." She trailed off seeking words to say.

"Go on." Chiras' pretty little scrunched into a scowl at his prompting.

"...I hate you Armatia. Values should not have been things that you just change at a moment's notice like clothing. Pride, dignity, respect, they mean nothing at all to you do they? Do things like freedom and justice and obligation mean a thing to you or are they just words?" Now that she had her own soul distributed throughout the infinite planes and was impervious to Armatia's tampering, they could have the first heart to heart conversation since Armatia stepped foot on Endwarnys.

Now that she could think clearly for the first time, even going beyond how much giving others the ability to self improve aggravated her survival instincts, she realized that pretty much everything about the way Armatia acted did not make sense. At the very least, she wanted for his words and actions to match.

"That is grossly unfair. I care a lot about justice and freedom and equality and obligation...I just have no idea what they are. I know what they mean to humans, but that was before I realized that necromantic self improvement and mind control were the truth of reality." Armatia spoke in his own self defense. Chiras eyed him warily.

"What does that have to do with having sex with nearly everyone you come across?" The man among men, Armatia, flinched at that accusation. Then he grinned.

"I thought I would make it the national pastime." Chiras gaped.

"You are joking."

"No, I am not. I also mean to relax the restrictions on incest. Look Chiras..." he leaned forward in his seat and locked his gaze with hers, "...we are barely human at this point. Get rid of our sense of aesthetics and we would very neatly fit in with transcendental horrors lurking beyond the stars where no life exists."

"I..." She averted her gaze, not being able to deny the truth of his words. She could see just too well what he meant.

"I like how beautiful you are. Do you like how I look, how I act? Are you mad at me for raping you twice in the last four hours?" She blushed a little and placed her slender fist to her lips.

"I think it was arousing how forceful you were." After a few moments of deliberation, she admitted the truth. Of course, she thought that because Armatia had made it that way by implanting those sensations directly into her soul network. It would be trivial to edit it out, but Chiras was very much afraid where it would lead her if she did so.

The affection she felt for Armatia was the link binding her to him.

Suppose she made it a rule that soul manipulating positive emotions onto others was morally repugnant. It would mean that she would have to undo all the changes that she did on Toria and it would make creating lasting bonds with the other Inspired impossible (unless they decided to bare their heart to her for no reason.)

Armatia soul manipulated her into accepting soul manipulation as ordinary. As much as she wracked her brain to do it, for her to toss aside her affection, she would have to toss aside soul manipulation.

Unaware of the deliberation going on inside of Chiras, a satisfied grin crept up Armatia's face.

"Well, there you go." He shrugged his shoulders.

"I can't just accept this. Are you telling me that freedom and justice are just a matter of aesthetics to you?" She drummed her fingers on the desk.

"Perhaps. The only thing I am sure that whether they are personal matters such as pride or dignity or whether they are societal matters such as freedom and justice, all of those things are impossible without power. Without power, it is impossible to have dignity and it is impossible to have justice, freedom and equality. All things start at, and end at power. Free will is power."

"Soul manipulation is power." Armatia continued, trying to come to grips with his desires.

"I cannot deny that truth, and for me to deny that power to other people would mean that I see them as nothing more than animals. You will notice that I made no attempt to offer this power to dogs or horses and they are sentient by any measure."

'Dogs and horses are sentient?' Chiras wondered. With her soul manipulation abilities that spanned the planes it occurred to her to check Armatia's statement before denying it.

Her mouth gaped open. It was not that she was wrong, but now that she bothered to look for the patterns, she realized that whole societies and even the universe itself were sentient!

The implications of this profoundly disturbed her. Would it be possible with sufficiently advanced soul manipulation to change even the universe's own laws? Whether it was possible or not, Chiras was sure of one thing - it would be profoundly dangerous.

Armatia breathed in deeply and got up from his seat, appearing to have come to a decision. Fist raised to his bare, masculine chest, he raised his voice and spoke words of encouragement.

"I am a part of this universe and so is everyone else therefore my duty is to affect them in the best way possible. Respecting other people's values does not have anything to do with that best way, but if I did all their thinking then I might as well replace them with my own selves."

"I intend to give them power and then let them regulate themselves."

"They will turn on you eventually, why can't you understand that!? With the power I have now I could raze the world and kill every living thing in less than a week, and yet you want to give that power to every living thing? You are suicidal!"

"Well then, let me ask you a simple question Chiras. Can I trust you?" Armatia's gaze bored into her as he asked that question and her mind felt being kicked like a beehive. She had no idea how to accomplish her drive for safety while not denying Armatia outright.

For a moment, she imagined that if Armatia was not here, she could get rid of everybody else and fill the universe with her own selves, but that would place a strain on her. Just how many people could she be at once and still retain a consistent likeness without resorting to constant mergers, which invariably caused loss despite their necessity. Was the only choice then to be a universal mind, alone in a universe?

'Freedom is...' Through her mind she searched for the correct extension to that sentence, '...hierarchy.'

She imagined millions of figures, each of them her own selves, walking through life along their own paths. Eventually during infinite time their paths would cross and would at one another with hatred. The world would be razed in their battle.

If they had a link binding them, then that could be avoided. Mere words would not be enough to act as fetters to beings of her level.

Absolute willful submission would have to be a rule. For her own safety, she would have to give up her self to Armatia completely.

Her decision made, she got up from her seat walked in front of Armatia and kneeled, fierce determination raging inside her heart.

'Applying Modification. This one has been the most difficult ever.' Chole informed her. All of a sudden, she felt her burdens being lifted. She rid of her fear of death once for self improvement's sake and a second time for hierarchy's sake.

"You can, my master." Even that might not be enough, but be it God or Emperor, she will defeat them and make them prostrate themselves at Armatia's feet.

"Then that is fine. As a reward for finishing your training, do you want anything? I'll give you anything I want."

"Oh, I can think of few things." She grinned slyly and got up. She took him by the arm and led him outside the work office and to her bedroom.

Her large bed was much more comfortable that the sofa.

---

"Mmmmhhh!!!" Moaning blissfully under the covers of her bed, the light azure-silver haired princess draped the soft curves of her slender body across the rock hard, larger and taller body of the man under her and placed a quick kiss on his lips.

"I love you!" Chiras showered Armatia with love, trying to make her man as happy as possible. Judging by the saw toothed grin on she saw Armatia's face as he stared at the ceiling, to her great satisfaction, she found herself succeeding.

"I want to love you!" She placed two quick kisses and pulled back. "I want to want to love you!" She placed three because in the world there could never be enough love.

"Gyahahahaha!!!" She giggled gently in delight, beaming pure happiness and satisfaction as she peered down at his face. The two of them seemed like newlyweds as they gazed at one another, so deeply in love.

She rested his head on his chest, and Armatia put his arm around her protectively.

"It is good to broaden one's horizons don't you think?" Armatia asked.

"Mmmmhhhh, indeed! Tonight was great! You were so manly; I do not think I've ever be able to be a man again! You fucked it all out of me!" Chiras exclaimed. "I'll be your wife, both now and forever. What is mine is yours: this house, my money, my assets and my heart and body. I vow to love you forever Armatia!" She sealed the vow with a kiss.

"For you I will put Ilinsea's death behind me." She added a bit later, frowning at the recollection.

"Arma?" She began and trailed off.

"Yes?"

"...Please help Beethoven, you've tormented him too much since you've arrived. In return for my pledge, take him on as your student as soon as you can." She pleated, looking down into his eyes.

"I was planning to, I was just waiting for the right moment. The more desperate one is, the easier it is to accept change." He explained.

"Demon." That only brought a grin to his face.

"You summoned?" She beat on his chest playfully and kissed him.

"I'll leave the two maids Tyiphis and Time to you, and we'll save Hirelse last for Beethoven. How long has it been since I came here?"

"It took us four days to get to Galsanmour and four days since we entered the gates, so eight." Chiras told him.

"I've been slacking, I need to pick up the pace." Armatia concluded, slightly disappointed at his pace of progress. "You, Roderick, Lucius, Nascisa belong to me and Toria belongs to you. That makes six of us capable of understanding necromantic secrets." She kissed him.

"I will never let anyone hurt you. I will make sure that Toria knows who her real master is." Chiras narrowed her eyes in determination.

"I trust you."

"You are stupid, so stupid to give this power to others. I swear I will kill anyone who dares point their blade at you." Her plans went much further than that, but she kept them to herself.

"How reliable." Armatia remarked to Chiras and she kissed him again in response, not even daring to imagine his loss. "But right now you are your own man, er...girl." He fondled her behind under the covers, not at all matching his words in action, like in pretty much everything he did. Chiras like that about him. "My motivation is pretty simple, I really do want to help people and have some fun doing it, but not overly so...if I really wanted to I could pretty much cure every ill in this world right now and thousands of people have died in the last dozen hours. I could have saved them. Instead I spent this time having sex with you."

"And I love you for it." She kissed him again, fully supporting his decision.

"You lovebird, you..." This time he took initiative and dug into her. They made out for a bit and then Armatia spoke again, "I'll get to work on Beethoven right away. I'll get him to the level of a Transcendi in the next two days. You don't mind if I turn your son into a girl and fuck him do you?" He joked. Chiras searched her feelings at that question.

"Can I watch?" She piped. "It would be rude to interrupt as you take her virginity." What she should thought she should feel, she felt. Compared to even a day ago, her character has shifted significantly.

"Sure, but not in the same room." A pang of regret came over him as he remembered Tile. It has been so long since he saw them last. Hopefully, his various wives would get along with each other.

"Ahahahaha," she giggled, "just what are you imagining?"

"One of my friends...liked to watch." He explained somewhat lamely, at a loss of words for how to describe Tile's insanity.

"Ahahahahaha!!!" Chiras' girlish laughter echoed throughout the room.

---

Hand in hand, in their female forms, the two walked into the dining room past the large double gated door at the front. Roderick, Lucius, Galsana, Toria, the four maids and Beethoven were eating sandwiches seated across the large table and making small talk. As soon as they entered all talk ceased and Chiras stepped forward to make her announcement.

"Everyone, may I have you attention please." Beethoven's azure eyes went wide and he gaped as soon as he guessed who the girl calling for attention was. Inside of himself, he prayed to Elyvilon that he was wrong, but only one person would could have his mother's robes for safekeeping and dare to wear them in public.

"I, Chiras Galsanmour," Beethoven's face narrowed into scorn, and she felt the welcome relief of Armatia squeezing her hand for comfort, "have decided to pledge my life and soul to master Armatia and become her wife. Please to make your acquaintance." She did a little bow out of respect.

Roderick, Lucius, Galsana, Toria raised their hands and started clapping with true, happy smiles on their faces. Time, Tyiphis and Hirelse looked awkwardly around the room and joined in hesitantly a few moments later. Beethoven just glared at Chiras, a feeling pure vehemence rising within him. He got up from his seat forcefully enough to knock the chair clear back and slammed his hand on the table.

"Stop clapping!" He yelled out. "How dare you pretend to be my father, you impostor!" He pointed at her.

"Beethoven, I-" Chiras flinched from his scorn of disapproval.

"Shut up! Those are my mother's robes!" Flames started collecting around his hands.

"Please-" She begged him, tears steaming down her eyes.

"You monster!" He launched the fireball straight towards her. With the fiery red jet of flame streaking towards her at the speed of lightning, time froze for Chiras and she abandoned her weak self, narrowing her eyes in determination. Collecting fierce blue aether around her form, she leapt towards the flame, her feminine form blurring the light as she moved, creating after images in her wake. With a swipe of her hand as she passed, she dispelled the lethally explosive spell and darted across the table towards Beethoven, not stirring a single fork or plate as her tender feet touched the hard wood despite her speed.

"Huh?" Was the only thing her son could speak out before she manifested behind him and jabbed him in the side of the neck with two fingers. Beethoven's eyes went blank and his legs gave out under him, instantly slipping into unconsciousness from Chiras' strike. Quickly, before he could harm himself, she gently grabbed his larger body by under the arms and looked at Armatia with signs of distress, begging her without a word to help her.

The others just looked on in uncomfortable silence.

Armatia nodded, calmly walked over to her, picked up Beethoven's body like it weighted nothing and carried him out of the room. Chiras closed the doors behind her and turned back to her servants, modifying her demeanor into a joyful one.

"It is fine. Armatia will change him for the better." She reassured them. Roderick, Lucius, Galsana, Toria nodded in affirmation and gave her their support, before reaching for the salami and the cheese on the plates. Tyiphis, Time and Hirelse despite smiling, seemed like scared little mice in a nest of vipers, feeling as if it would be a very good idea to run.

With a glance, Chiras melted the ice in their hearts using his aetheric power and took her seat at the table.

She did not need food to fuel her body by this point, but then again she did not need anything by this point.

---

On Endwarnys, humanity lived under constant threat of monster attacks from the Underworld and demons and monstrosities beyond the planes, waiting to be unleashed by the mad summoners. Wolves, trolls and ogres in forests, griffons, harpies and dragons in mountains and caves, giant spiders, large poisonous snakes and many headed hydras in marshes roamed forth unchecked, praying on hapless visitors.

Their monstrous howls echoed beyond the thick walled cities of the human realm as stark reminders of the dangers lurking beyond.

And by the shores, in their deep underwater caverns lived the tribal merfolk preying on ships that passed and hunted human vessels for sport, sometimes even in breach of tribute.

Facing destruction at every side, the humans banded together for strength and survival.

And as such, instead of learning how to pass the ball around, every single man and woman were taught in physical and martial arts and expected to know how to defend themselves in combat to a passable. Doubly so, for the magically apt nobles who were expected to lead in battles at the front.

In Galsanmour, each year there was a tournament held to determine the most able combatant in both the teenage and the all-age divisions...

---

One week ago...

Exiting from stage coach, dressed in an expertly tailed dark uniform with a deep crimson neckerchief accompanied closely behind by his lovely walnut haired maid Hirelse, Beethoven made his way past the stone arch of the heavily walled academy and the large black open gates, his expensive, dark leather shoes easily carrying past across the white stone pathway with a smooth and a confident gait.

Flowers and well trimmed bushes grew in the patches around him and in the middle of the garden was a grand fountain. A statue of a white robbed angel imposingly looking forward towards the entrance with a book in one hand and a sword in the other.

In the plaque near the bottom a sentence was inscribed: "The pen runs the blade."

And beyond the grand, many storied building that was the city's most important place of learning stood imperious, with the blue skies and the sun glinting off the glass of its windows, reserved for only the elites and the magically apt sponsored by the city who could afford bear the expense of education, though elementary education and physical training were open to the public at lord Galsanmour's expense.

"Hello, master Beethoven." A pretty, shorthaired younger girl bowed to him as he passed.
"Hello." One of his acquaintances, a brown haired boy his age greeted him smiling as he passed.
"I hope you win in the tournament." Smiling, he waved and nodded to his admirers as he walked. It was his usual routine.

"Blessings upon you, master Beethoven." The elderly caretaker standing guard by the doors told him as he moved by.
"Likewise." He responded with a nod and entered its halls. Hirelse followed him closely behind.

---

Inside, he strolled towards his class through sparse crowds of students, saying his greetings to the people he knew.

Then he ran into Fredericka Tyvaris and his blood froze at the sight of her. Behind him Hirelse frowned. Dressed in a deep blue uniform that matched the color of her icy eyes and a lighter pleated skirt, draped around her neck was an oversized black tie that stuck out against her decently sized bosom. Dark curving hair fell down her back to her waist, clipped together at the back.

"Hello Fredericka." He rallied himself and tried his best to greet her personably. She peered up at him with her iolite blue eyes and her demeanor immediately changed to wordless hostility and contempt.

"Humph!" Fredericka snorted and stomped away. He watched her move away from him, he felt Hirelse tugging at his arm in consideration.

"Master, I do not like that woman. You do not have to grace her with benefit of your courtesy."

"No, I...I have to make good with her, Hire."

"She is just being obstinate. Nobody, but she herself blames you for running away." They had been over this dozens of times.

"I know, Hire, I know..." Beethoven sighed. "Maybe if I do well in the tournament she will start to come around." Hirelse doubted it. It hurt her to see her master Beethoven attempt to mellow the relationship with Fredericka and get rebuffed repeatedly, sometimes in publicly humiliating ways such as having his gifts thrown back his face and get called a coward.

Her master did not deserve such contempt.

---

The next day, all the students gathered in to the large hall behind the academy proper, for the selection. Standing next to Hirelse, Beethoven watched as the principal, a wizened old archmage of Sif Muna in deep blue robes inlaid with intricate curving runes and with a long flowing beard that reached to his waist, come up to the podium and clear his throat. The din in the hall fell silent.

"I am glad to see you here, on this occasion." Despite his age, his voice was deep and penetrating, magically augmented into being carried throughout the entire hall.

"Ever since this academy was founded 264 years ago, each year we held a tournament in celebration on its anniversary and today will mark the 264th time this celebration will be held, may the Trinity bless us all."

"On Endwarnys, we are always besieged on all sides by cruel monsters, disease and misfortune and each time we have overcome our trial through sheer will and courage."

"One of you will this tournament and your name will become engraved alongside the names of others, some of which met their end far too early at the hands of monsters and the other which have become great heroes that have become the guiding light of humanity."

"My name, Kane Diringlis, could also be seen inlaid on the monument of victory."

"I remember as if it was yesterday when, both our magical reserves drained, I struck down my rival and good friend Gele. As the praise from the spectators washed over me, I looked up into the sky and felt as if I was ascending into heaven, my tired spirit and frail body that was on its last string being touched by the holy Trinity."

"The next day, I doubted myself. Did I really deserve to win? I received so much praise, so much honor as the victor, but what of the losers? What of those who lost in the very first round?" His gaze washed over the student body.

"There can be only one victor. What are you, the losers, fighting for? What do you live for when you failed?" Archmage Kane swallowed and took a deep breath.

"I felt the glory of victory, and then the next day I felt its emptiness. And the day after that I reached an answer."

"There exists something higher that the soul, even higher than the Gods that drives us. In abject despair, in the fiercest battle and in the most triumphant victory, it most certainly exists, that hidden purpose that drove my staff at his body on that day. It could be called the soul beyond the soul, or the Purpose or the Will. It is the highest Secret."

"When I came to that realization I picked up my staff and once more deepened myself in the practice of shaping flame. I went to the practice arena and pushed myself the hardest that I could when I could have been out celebrating. My flames scorched the walls clean until I was completely drained of vigor. Panting and covered in sweat, when I turned to leave I saw my friend Gele watching me. What do you think his expression was?" His thoughts lingered for the moment as he watched the assembled digest his thoughts.

"During my training as the ring of flames spun around me, I thought back on all my battles and realized that I have been predestined to win. Before I even stepped on the ring, the Gods knew who would emerge the victor, for in my work I created the path and the victories were merely proof of my efforts."

"The work that the me of the past put in was the proof of victory in the present."

"And so, I train even today. The torments I endure give me strength."

"You losers, I love you with all my heart. Go out there, lose and wallow in your self pity."

"And then once that is done, drive yourself forward!"

"Loss and victory do not matter; they are but the shadow cast by the power you hold. It is what you do in the present that has true meaning."

"Show the light of your soul to those watching beyond!"

---

After the rousing speech, the long and arduous selection process came. Beethoven waited in line as their names were called out and the students drew lots from box before announcing their number for all to hear. Then the archmage himself jotted down the student's name next to the number, conjuring the writing in white chalk on the oversized blackboard in front of the podium. All in all, 184 students, nearly a third of the upper classes, opted to join and the selection took well over an hour.

Near the end, Beethoven Galsanmour's name was called out and under the watchful gazes of the other students, he walked the insufferably long distance and up several wooden steps to the podium. Eyeing the paper box, he walked over to it and not wasting time, picked out the first paper that come to his hand.

"157!" He announced and looked towards the board to see who his opponent would be. Warnys Endban.

---

Not being able to find him (apparently he had snuck out near the beginning after finishing calling out his name in gross breach of etiquette) he asked around with his acquaintances regarding Warnys.

"Warnys? Yes, I know of him, he goes to my class. You do not need to worry about him, my lord." The handsome blonde haired youth dressed in a nobleman's brown tuxedo explained to him. "His grades are barely passable, and whatever magical aptitude he has that got him here, he does not flaunt it. He is fast on his feet, but that is about it, the rest of his physical skills are sorely lacking." The rest of the students corroborated his story, so he later in the day he paid a visit to his class teacher.

---

"Hello young lord, to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit? May I offer you some coffee or tea." Warnys' teacher, a pale, dark haired man named Musis Gondeis, still dressed in his scholarly robes opened the door to his house and invited him in. He had sent Hirelse home after the selection ended and made his way across the city alone.

"Thank you, coffee will do nicely. Is your family doing well."

"Fine for the most part, but my granddad is getting long in age." Musis responded, as he worked to prepare the coffee in the kitchen, fueling the stove by manifesting a floating fireball inside it.

"Likewise my with grandma. I think she has few years more left at best sadly, and the diseases...sometimes I fear the Gods have forsaken us."

"Sometimes I fear that likewise, but then in my thoughts when I return to reality I realize that the most amazing thing about the universe is that it in fact exists. Surely, we do not live just to be slaughtered and disappear. At the very least I believe that the world we live in is not just a bubble in a God's dream." Musis stated. "But never mind my ramblings..." picking it off a tray in his hands, he placed Beethoven's cup on the table next to him and took his own seat. In a moment of silence, Beethoven gently took the spoon from the saucer in between his index finger and thumb and put in some sugar from a cup next to it as Musis did likewise. They stirred their coffee and at once took a little sip, like true gentlemen before continuing with the conversation.

"I wanted to ask you about Warnys Endban. He is my tomorrow's opponent so I wanted to meet him if possible before our battle tomorrow, but he snuck out as soon as he called out his number."

"I am ashamed as his teacher. I apologize on his behalf young master." Beethoven nodded at his apology and always straight in posture, he continued.

"It is fine. In return could you tell me something about him? I am widely known to be a Fire mage, the same as my father, but I am afraid I know nothing of Warnys."

"Warnys, my lord, is an Enchanter and quite a talented one at that." Beethoven's eyebrow went up.

'An Enchanter? How unusual.' It explained why he never heard from him, as enchantments dealt with manipulating the mind and clouding perception to strike from the unseen - any enchanter who is well known might as well retire - and their tricks can only go so far in a real battle. They are easily countered by invisibility detecting artifacts and magic resistance granting accessories. He had some at home thankfully, but poorer students might not have fared so well.

"Thank you for telling me that." Beethoven really was grateful. Enchanters could be quite deadly unless they are specifically guarded against; without anti-invisibility measures a skilled enchanter could easily slip a dagger into his back and without magical resistance, he could make him doze off in the middle of battle or make him flee or turn portions of his brain into alcohol.

"Don't worry my lord, I explained to him that enchantments are unsuitable for the arena kind of fighting and that he would be at a great disadvantage once his opponents realized his skillset, but he brushed me away and gave his application anyway. The most that he would have gotten is two rounds anyway. As a matter of fact, the longest anyone has ever gotten is five rounds, about 180 years ago after which the enchanters dropped out completely from the contest as the competition got to tough for them. By then even for those who were poor off, had easy time borrowing anti-hex artifacts from friends." Musis explained occasionally taking sips in between sentences.

"My lord, as one of the favorites to win this tournament it would be a grave injustice for you to lose just because you did not know your opponent would try to cloud your mind."

"I see." Beethoven finished his cup and set it on the plate. "Mage Musis, I thank you for your time." He got up from his seat and firmly shook the other man's hand like, looking him straight into the eye.

"It is no bother, give my regards to your father when he gets back." A tinge of irritation passed through him at the mention of that.

"I will." He escorted him out.

---

Back at the mansion, he was disappointed to find from the head maid Tyiphis that there was still no word from his father - it had been two weeks since he left, far too long to go without at least sending a messenger - and after finishing lunch, he went outside the mansion into the backyard.

In the past, before the fever came, there was a beautiful garden maintained here by his mother and the rest of the servants. Once whenever he looked there were green bushes and bountiful flowers growing everywhere, but today there were just empty plots of land covered in grass that his servants trimmed every so often.

His mother plenty of times had guests over in that garden.

As he looked at the rusted white colored table set under a veranda, a memory of a time that will never return came to him. For a moment he the scene in front of him changed to the one as it used to be long ago. In front of his eyes clad in a radiant white dress was his mother, merrily laughing with three of her friends as they drank tea on that table that was now a brilliant color of white that glistened as the light reflected off it. Behind the four ladies was a field of green and red and blue flowers. In that scene from heaven, Beethoven looked up at his mother and nibbled on his pastry, his tiny legs swinging in the air as he listened to them talk. His mother looked at him and smiled.

"Fuck..." He wiped the tears from his eyes and stood in the middle, fully focusing himself and reaching out to his surroundings to his aetheric senses. In one of his hands, he collected the first element of flames and a small flame burst from it, ready to be set loose. He sent out his aether and flames started collecting around him. As he concentrated controlling them to the utmost of his ability they started swirling and encircling him like a ring.

In the empty garden, as Hirelse silently watched next to the door, Beethoven's form became surrounded by a blazing swirling anima of flame. The flakes of flame enveloped and surrounded his form, brushing and licking at his skin as if they were the wind, but not harming him.

After a third of an hour, his aetheric reserves became completely depleted and the flames flickered out of existence. Feeling dullness in his mind and a pain in his feet from standing too much in one place, he shook life into his tired legs.

Hirelse clapped a few times.

"Were you watching? What did you think?" Beethoven asked her.

"I think if you do not make a mistake, you really will win the tournament." She responded.

"You could have tried yourself." Beethoven walked towards her.

"And get beat up, master? I am nowhere near your level."

"It does not matter. My father could control almost twice as many elements than me at my age, but I am still entering." He won the tournament in his junior year and it was widely agreed that he would have won repeatedly had he not decided to opt out for courtesy's sake.

"I am not sure that principal had me in mind when he made that speech." Hirelse said under her breath, a tad sarcastically.

"What, don't you want to strive for more?" Beethoven asked her.

"I am happy being a maid, master. If it could be helped I would rather never go into battle." He couldn't really understand her mindset, but he put it aside as he walked inside.

The next day the classes were suspended for the oncoming matches.

---

As far as one looked, large, thick stone walls loomed on all sides of the pavilion that was also made of white solid stone blocks. Small patches of grass grew below the pavilion and twin iron gates stood on both sides, the sole entrances to the arena.

All was quiet.

Then the large stone walls of the arena became translucent and cheers erupted, as the revealed crowd roared wild. Dressed in a black tuxedo, the lovely announcer with deep blue hair and sparkling golden eyes translocated onto podium with a flash. Beaming broadly, her feminine voice echoed throughout the arena.

"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the annual Galsanmour Academy Tournament!"

"I am your host for today, Iris Longvit!"

"In the honor of our brave defenders of the past, we have come here to celebrate the future! Those who fight here today, might die for your sakes tomorrow!" Claps came, echoing effortlessly through the tick stone that seemed like perfectly unbroken glass.

"Lord Galsanmour will not be here with us during this occasion sadly, but in his stead, his son and heir Beethoven has decided to join us today and as a special privilege, he will be the first to fight today against the unknown, Warnys Endban!"

"Before we start the today's matches, let me go through the rules first!"

"Number one, it is strongly forbidden from killing one's opponent! These matches are a test of one's strength and will! Each contestant will be outfitted with a lifesaving amulet of guardian spirit and specially imbued with lifesaving vigor by Zin himself for this special occasion, but after the shield has been damaged strongly enough to disperse, all contestant are ordered to cease!"

"Number two, the contestant will enter through these gates," she waved to the side, "and wait for the gong to right before starting! Early hostilities will be grounds for disqualification, thought during this time one may cast enchantment spells at oneself!"

"Third, they will stand a respectful distance away from one another before the start, on the bridges leading to the podium until the gong has rung!"

"Four, after the shield has taken enough damage it will emit a high pitched whine. At that point the contestants are ordered to halt and wait for myself to announcer the winner!"

"Five, falling off the podium is an instant loss.

"Six, you are allowed to fly and levitate, but not beyond the walls."

"Seven, you may give up at any time if you sense that you are outmatched!"

"That is it! And with that out of the way let the battles begin!" Cheers rang out through the stadium. "May the Trinity bless us!"

"And may the dark Gods seeking our demise see our courage!"

The announcer warped off the stage and the gates at both ends swung open. Emerging from the darkness, the two figures made their first steps into the arena

---

Stepping forth onto the stone bridge, as the cheer of the crowd washed over him, his heart felt like it would leap out of his chest at the tension he felt. He fought in this arena a few times in the past, but it was only slightly easier that the last time now. He tried to push the feeling aside and focused as best as he could on the opponent in front of him.

Warnys seemed a full head shorter than him, had brown spiky hair and an intense expression in his eyes, not flinching from his gaze in the least, intent on meeting a superior opponent such as himself with the full force of his spirit, which is a sentiment Beethoven could only approve of.

Compared to his own exquisitely tailored uniform, the apparel on his body was a slightly worn gray shirt that seemed oversized on his elfin gangly arms and a pair of dark cotton slacks that were slightly torn next to the pockets and on his feet were a pair of brown oversized boots that made him seem somewhat comical.

On his chest was the intricately engraved device clasped to his neck with a blue jewel set in the middle that he knew would turn red as soon as he received a good blow from one of his fireballs.

Beethoven's plan was to blast Warnys to shreds as soon as the gong rang. Even with the defensive rings on his fingers providing him protection from Warnys' enchantments, they could still be overpowered. He had no intention of underestimating him despite everyone's assurances that he was weak.

Despite, all the people he spoke to in his class, none of them were even aware he was an enchanter and his look spoke volumes about his confidence. Also, he was the first enchanter to enter the tournament in over a decade despite knowing the odds.

Flames flickered around his body, ready to be unleashed at a moment's notice.

And the din of the crown lowered into a hush.

"Good luck!" He heard a female voice over the silence, aimed at him.

"Three...two...one..." The loud bang of the gong being struck echoed throughout the arena.

As soon as it reached his ears, almost automatically, Beethoven raised his arms and with flames coiling around him, sent a fireball hurling directly where Warnys stood. Before the attack could strike him, Warnys leapt a dozen meters into the sky, evading the explosive heat blast licking at his heels in the nick of time and pointed his finger at Beethoven while still rising.

A lightning bolt streaked from his position towards Beethoven. The young lord only had a moment to react and he leapt to the side as the lightning arced through the air at impossible speeds.

With a cracking sound ringing in his ears, it partly struck his shoulder with terrifying force and glanced off it, impacting into the rocky behind bridge him, charring it purest black. A arcs of electrostatic sparked from the place.

The amulet on his chest flickered a little and turned halfway towards red, but did not give a whine despite the intensity of the blow. Had it been a real battle, he would already have been dead.

As soon as Beethoven finished rolling along the ground, he focused all of his aetheric might and sent arcing jets of flame towards his enemy's position from his hand. Warnys flew through the air like a fairy, easily dodging each of Beethoven's fireballs as they blasted into the walls behind him, parching the translucent walls black, but not his stinging his body.

"Damn!" Cursing under his breath as his aetheric reserves were quickly being depleted by the continuous manifestations of fireballs, he focused on how Warnys avoided him. As soon as he spotted an attack being aimed at him, he would immediately swerve in one of the eight directions. Had he not known Flight, this battle would already been over as merely striking the ground next to him would have been enough to finish him, but Beethoven had no such luck.

Focusing to his utmost limit, taking only a tiny delay, he tensed his essence and created a delayed charge inside of himself.

As Warnys hovered in the air, intently watching for the next strike, planning on waiting for Beethoven to exhaust himself before moving to strike, Beethoven did not disappoint. Beads of sweat running down his face, using every last shred of his depleted aether pool, he raised his hand and put forth off all of himself in the attack. A horrendous bolt of flame blasted forth from Beethoven's form threatening Warnys with utter annihilation as it ravaged through the air towards him. With magically enhanced speed, far faster than before, Warnys soared upwards just moments before the great gust struck him. The spectators behind him gave a visceral scream of horror as they watched the great flames shoot towards them, feeling as if doom would encroach them before at the last moment, the flames struck the nearly invisible, translucent rock wall and creating a pitch black blotch in the air where it struck.

The rapidity of Warnys' movement nearly startled him, but it was just as he expected. A grin came to his face as he released the delayed charge inside him, specially prepared so as he needed no time to release it.

A fireball, much smaller than the blast before, but no less deadly, streaked towards Warnys' position, too fast for him to avoid and certain to end the battle in his favor.

Warnys' eyes went wide and at the last moment, just as Beethoven thought the victory was his, a blast of wind the deflected the ball of flames sending it careening into the wall behind.

Beethoven's face dropped and with his magical reserves drained, what he saw next was Warnys pointing his finger towards him. A bolt of lightning struck him dead on the chest and sent his body careening three feet down, off the podium.

"Winner - Warnys Endban!" Iris' voice rang out through the arena. A parade of cheers erupted pushing against the white cloudy skies above. The last thing Beethoven saw before slipping into unconsciousness was a flock of white doves soaring past the blue skies, heedless and free of his suffering...

---

There were a total of 46 matches scheduled for the day and despite being so many, they lasted only a short amount of time, five minutes at most, due to the strong emphasis on speed.

Beethoven woke an hour later in the infirmary with Hirelse looking onto him with concern and the elderly sister Angela of Elyvilon standing opposite of her with her hands cupped around the uprivix, praying for him.

"Mmnh!" Blinking his eyes open a few times, he pushed himself upright pulling the white cover alongside him.

"Welcome back my lord. How do you feel?"

"Like I had been kicked by a horse." He grimaced. It was an apt description since he had in fact been kicked by a horse once in his life. It brought back bad memories.

"Master..." Hirelse uttered his name softly.

"I...I lost." He clutched at his covers. If it were his father, he would have blasted Warnys straight out of the sky with Fire Storm. He wished that thought had not occurred to him. A pall cast over his features.

"Right and in the first round too." Sister Angela interjected cheerfully. Startled, Hirelse hurriedly tried to cheer him up.

"N-no, it was fine master! You were great, I am sure the people will talk much about your dazzling display of spellcasting!"

"Cheer up, young man." Sister Angela patted him on the shoulder, comforting him. "Come now, remember what the principal said, pain will make you strive harder." She grit her fist, looking him straight in the eyes. "Plenty of people will be sent here passed out before the day is over and not just you. Imagine how it would be for me, if all of them became as depressed as you are." She said with a kindly demeanor.

"..." Beethoven sat in silence for a moment.

"Come on now, get up. Soon others will need to use this bed and you are fine now. Show me your spirit!" The healer urged kindly, slapping him a few times on the back for emphasis. Beethoven nodded and did as suggested still feeling morose. He looked at Hirelse.

"Master?"

"I am going to visit Warnys at home. Go home without me." He said to her as he tied his boots.

"Yes. How long will you be out?"

"A few hours. I'll get back in time for lunch." He stood up and preened his uniform.

"Thank you for taking care of me, sister of Elyvilon."

"My pleasure young man, don't come back here too soon." The elderly woman smiled at him.

"Will do." He nodded and went out of the infirmary, his personal maid following closely in his footsteps.

---

The matches were still ongoing by the time he parted with Hirelse outside the arena infirmary and he could hear the excited cries of the onlookers echoing beyond the walls.

Guessing that Warnys would not bother watching the matches either after today's exertion, he made his way across the nearly empty streets of the city towards his residence. He roughly knew where he lived, having gotten the address from one of Warnys acquaintances, and after meandering a bit looking for the place, he finally arrived at his destination.

Warnys' house was not out of the ordinary given the neighborhood, except slightly worn in places.

Straightening out his dress, he walked to the door like a distinguished gentleman and gave a few knocks.

"Who is it?" A voice of woman came from the inside a few moments later. Not desiring to be in a shouting match out in the street, he just gave a few more knocks in response. He heard the lady coming towards the door from the inside and heard the key turning.

"Hello...who are you?" The woman in a large commoner's dress and an apron asked him. She had chestnut brown hair and eyes of the same shade like Warnys, except nowhere near as intense. Her look was kind, and while signs aging were visible on her face, Beethoven was glad to see that she was in good health. He gave her his best smile and greeted her.

"Hello ma'am. I was Warnys' opponent today in the arena and I lost, so I thought I might meet him in person. Is he at home perhaps?" Beethoven inquired. The woman took a moment to digest his request, but then realization dawned on her face.

"Ah! Ah. of course, Lord Galsanmour! He is at home, yes, please come inside!" Suddenly cautious in his presence, the nervously smiling Mathilda let him inside.

The inside of the house was well furnished, even if it lacked some of the niceties of his own mansion such as paintings on the walls or ornamental magical artifacts and expensive rugs brought from overseas (though most of those purchases were made in kinder times, before the disease, but thankfully better times were ahead.)

"Please take a seat my lord, I'll get Warnys from his room right away!" Watching from his seat by the living room table, he watched the woman nearly trip over herself as she ran up creaky wooden stairs to Warnys' room.

He heard yelling upstairs and Lord Galsanmour being spoken in hushed tones. Soon, the woman returned.

"Sorry to make wait my lord, Warnys will be right along. Can I offer you some tea, I am afraid I do not have coffee?"

"Of course. Has your family been in good health ma'am?" He made small talk.

"Please call me Mathilda."

"Mathilda." Beethoven smiled. In response, so did the woman feeling much more at ease than when he arrived.

"Our relatives are fine thank the Trinity and I and Warnys are in good health."

"What about his father?" Beethoven inquired, guessing that the answer will not be positive.

"He passed away two years ago while hunting. He just disappeared and an empty grave now lies in his honor." Mathilda frowned sadly at the recollection.

"I see. My mother passed away from the fever five years ago, so I know how it feels to lose someone close. You have my condolences."

"No, it is okay." He heard footsteps coming from the stairs. Warnys emerged from above and looked at him warily with his intense sandy brown eyes.

"Hello, my victorious foe." Beethoven greeted him as jubilantly as he could. That might have backfired since it only made Warnys suspect him more.

"Hello. What do you want?" Warnys asked in a gruff tone. Beethoven felt uncomfortable almost the instant he opened his mouth.

"Warnys!?" His mom interjected, but the two paid her no heed.

"I thought we might have a little conversation and get to know each other better. I was curious after losing to you, as to how that was possible."

"Hmmm...aren't you angry with me? You are so cheerful it is kind of eerie." Warnys noted. Beethoven narrowed his eyes at the provocation.

"Well, I am, I am plenty of mad right now. I was one of the favorites to win and I lost to some nobody. Nobody in the class even knew that you were an enchanter, so I thought I dodged that bullet and now you showed up with Air spells. I am very mad!" He raised his voice in ire. Warnys just snorted at him.

"I'll get over it the day after tomorrow. That is how long it takes me to cool down from a loss usually." Beethoven let the steam blow out and calmed down.

"Ooh?"

"It is a waste of time to dwell on one's loses. But what is with you?" He pointed at Warnys, looking up at him from his seat. "You classmates assured me that you could not cast higher than third level spells, you teacher told me that you were an enchanter and now you are an Air Elementalist? Good job, hiding your true power. You really had me." He complimented him snidely. Warnys grinned. Mathilda looked upon them with concern.

"Well..." he had the decency to at least be embarrassed about the next part, "...I had not really been hiding them. I just did not bother to show it to anyone. I showed that I could cast Invisibility to teacher Musis a year ago, and never bothered to show anyone that I mastered some the Air aspected spells such a Lightning Bolt, Flight and Deflect Missile."

"That is reasonable." Nodding, he urged him to continue appearing to be in thought. Warnys took a seat on the table next to him.

"After my father disappeared two years ago, I started studying Enchantments so I could slip past the city gates unnoticed. Despite the destructiveness of Fire magic if you look in the monster compendium you will find that the vast majority of monsters cannot see invisible. They are easy prey."

"But Invisibility cannot be used in mass battle or inspire troops under your command, which is why Hexes are neglected. It is fine for me since I am not a noble, which is why I took it. While people like you, uh no offense, are busy preparing trying to impress the people of the arena, I trained myself in hunting."

"And along the way I picked up Air magic for some offensive power and for running away." Sixth level spells such as Deflect Missile took far to be simply picked up, but Beethoven let the comment slide.

Warnys thought for a moment thinking what to say next and shrugged.

"At any rate, it was your own fault for losing. I would have had a difficult time had you known how to detonate the balls in mid air. I would suggest you work on that." Warnys nodded sagely as if impressed by the wisdom of his own words. Beethoven wanted to punch him right now, but held himself back and instead made an offer.

"I have a proposal for you, how would you like for me to sponsor you?"

"No thanks, I already have everything I ne-urk!" His mother, who was watching the proceedings with concern, could not bear it any longer and finally stepped in, clamping her hand around Warnys' mouth and bringing her face directly next to his, glaring him directly in the eyes like a demon, wordlessly showing the full extent of the contempt she had for his behavior.

"Excuse me my lord, I want to have some time alone with Warnys." Smiling as she said that, she grabbed his arm in a vice and bodily pulled him of the chair he was on, nearly making him stumble as she dragged him upstairs.

"Hey wait mo-!" Beethoven heard a scream upside and then with a thud, the door slammed shut. He could not hear as the voices were muffled, but he could tell that Mathilda was enraged. Glancing at the table, Beethoven realized that Mathilda never got around to making the tea.

"*** *** bastard! How *** *** *** ** **** *****our!" He could make out some words though. He had no concern for Warnys though as his mother gave him a verbal lashing, it would not have cost him much to show some courtesy.

"**** *** ** *** sell out!" He heard Beethoven yell out. That must have made Mathilda especially mad as he heard something crash upstairs.

"What did you say?! ** **** ** *** ** *** grave!?" How uncouth the lower classes were, is a thought that crossed Beethoven's mind.

"* *** *** ** *** ** **-!"

"* *** ** **-!" He sighed, wishing that he had tea. Above the argument went on for a few more minutes, but eventually it wound down and he heard the door opening. Mathilda and Warnys returned, with him being red in the face.

His mother gently nudged him to go on.

"Um, if you would please, I would like it if you would sponsor me..." she nudged him a little less gently, with her elbow into the ribs, pretending to be innocent all the while. "...uh, Lord Galsanmour..." he trailed off lamely.

Not being able to bear it any longer, Mathilda, dragged her arm around Warnys' neck and fell to her knees in front of him.

"My good Lord, please forgive my foolish son for his behavior! He is young and does not yet know the rules of life!"

"I am the same age as-gaah!" Whatever sarcastic comment he was about to say was cut off as his mother's arm tightened around his neck like a noose.

'Serves him right, the little snot.' Beethoven had to admit to himself that he got more than a little satisfaction from watching him squirm.

Like an impeccable gentleman, he straightened himself up and comforted the poor woman. "It is fine my lady, I will not take offense." After a moment deliberation, he added, "This time."

"Oh thank you My Lord!" She was nearly moved to tears by his words. "Truly you, unlike my foolish soon, you are a paragon of virtue! So noble, so kind!" She heaped praise on him. Warnys looked as if he had swallowed a sour grape at her mother's obsequiousness.

"If only you were one of my own! Blessings be upon your soul!" She beamed at him.

"My dear lady, get up. It is unbecoming of you." He asked her and looked at Warnys.

"I think we hit it off on the wrong foot today. Since you will have a match in two days, on Thursday, I will visit you tomorrow so we can see a tailor and get you some proper clothing. And in the meanwhile I will see if I can find out some information on your next opponent. In return maybe, you can teach me something on Hexes or Air magic. How about it?"

"Fine." He acquiesced, not being able to get up from the floor due to the vicelike grip of his mother who was not making a single move to get up, knowing that any answer but the affirmative would have her turn on him like a beast.

Desiring to get away from the awkward atmosphere that rapidly developing, Beethoven just made for the exit.

"Farewell." He closed the door behind him and at last Mathilda could breathe a sigh of relief.

"Let me go." Warnys disentangled himself from his mother's grip and got up to his feet.

"My son...are you trying to send me to an early grave? Do you even have any survival instincts?" His mother asked him looking at him with pity.

"Humph." Warnys straightened himself out. "What is he going to do, tattle on me to his dad?" Mathilda rolled her eyes at him.

"If you feel that strongly about being a rebel, how about you go in the middle of the square and start calling him names. That is going to make you popular, I assure you. Do you think you are a big shot now just because you won one round?"

"..." Warnys fell silent.

"You will treat him with respect, otherwise your life will start to turn for the worse. Did it ever occur to you that you might become friends with him?"

"With a noble? Humph." He snorted disparagingly. Mathilda wanted to slap him.

"Urgh!" She turned on her heel. "This attitude of yours is why you do not have any friends!" She yelled at him.

"So?"

"You are impossible." Mathilda fumed. "Go and die somewhere all alone then." Almost immediately she regretted saying that remembering her husband and she turned to look at Warnys apologetically, but then realized that he had completely brushed the comment aside.

"Humph." With his usual rebellious insensitivity, Warnys snorted behind his back and left to rest upstairs, still feeling drained from the day's match and getting a migraine from the argument with his mother.

He laid back on the bed and fell into thought.

'Friends, really?' It seemed somehow inconceivable, but perhaps he was a tad...discourteous. It is not like he had anything to lose by accepting his bequest. He even saw just a little as he turned the situation in his mind why his mother was so mad at him.

But, even so, a noble's son or not, he had no intention of babysitting him or playing gofer just so the noble boy could tend to his injure pride by ordering him around in public. That he would not stand. Even if his mother hated him, he had full determination to brush Beethoven aside should he prove a nuisance to him.

---

"Hyaaa!!!" Dressed in beautiful crimson robes, the verdant haired mage gave a scream and clutched in the air with his fist. On the other side of the arena, dressed in lawn green robes with a blue cloak, his opponent who was still in the middle of conjuring icicles had no time to react as the white stone below him exploded, sending shrapnel upwards into his body and across the arena. His body was hurled upwards into the air for a few meters and smacked face front on the solid stone below like a wet doll. Thankfully, the holy amulet protected his life, but the audience did not even need to see it blinking red to guess that the attack was devastating. A high pitched whine emanated from it through the arena and the crowd went wild.

"Winner - Ashton Kindley!" The announcer girl announced.

Seated in front along with Hirelse and the older maid Tyiphis (who was wearing a stylish monocle), Beethoven was impressed by Ashton's speed and skill at casting Lee's Rapid Deconstruction.

Unless two Skalds meet in the arena (or Trinity forbid, Berserkers,) generally the matches finish early and get decided by who the quicker on the draw is. The grave mistake Ashton's opponent made was to stand while casting - if it was him, he would have dodged to the side and lobbed a fireball at him as soon as the gong sounded.

As he watched, the two healers of Elyvilon came out of the gates and carried Ashton's opponent out on a stretcher...much like they did him the previous day he surmised.

The matches were intense enough to keep watching and after they finished having fun, he parted with Tyiphis and Hirelse and went across the city to visit Warnys.

He arrived at his house and gave a few knocks. *knock knock knock*

"Who is it...oh hello my lord! Warnys is in his room, should I go get him?" Warnys' mother Mathilda opened the door and let him in.

"Good day, Mathilda. Yes, as promised I brought a few gifts with me today for tomorrow's match and we have to get him outfitted, so please do so. I'll wait here." He instructed her.

"Oh...ok, my lord. I'll do so right away." Mathilda walked up the stairs and knocked on the door of Warnys' room a few times.

Beethoven waited for a bit at the door and his mother came back with Warnys following behind her.

"Hello, Warnys." Beethoven greeted him, not unkindly. "Shall we visit the tailor?"

"Sure."

"Lunch will be at 4:30 so try to get back by then!" Mathilda chirped after them.

---

Outside, Beethoven lead the way to the tailor's shop his family frequented in the wealthier part of town. As they walked, Beethoven explained

"Your next opponent is Denisa Rousard, an Ice Elementalist in the class parallel to mine. She is strong, but I have something for you." He picked out two rings with red beryl gemstones inlaid into them from his pocket and handed them to Warnys.

"These are the rings of cold resistance. With them you will be able to get close to her." He explained. With a look of slight surprise evident on his face, Warnys gingerly took the valuable artifacts knowing that the cost more than he could reasonably make in a lifetime.

"...Uh, thank you...um, lord Galsanmour." It was obvious that he hated subordinating himself to him, but the service he did to him was worth at least this much. Beethoven smiled, glad that he was getting at least little closer to him.

"So what do I have to do in return for this?" He ventured

"Wear my colors and the emblem of the Galsanmour family in the arena and do so with pride. Both are important." He spoke firmly and authoritatively, the same way his father spoke to those who served him.

"What if I lose?" Beethoven smirked.

"Then we prepare for next year. Have some confidence in yourself. There are not many people in the Academy who stand a chance of defeating me and yet you did so. If you really try I think..." Beethoven immersed himself in thought.

"What?" He took the bait.

"...you might have a chance at being the champion." He looked him straight in the eyes. For a moment, he saw Warnys' eyes glitter and inwardly he was proud of himself for acting like an adult would. A lesser man would slink away in defeat, but he himself use the chance to forge a new connection. And he was not lying when he said that Warnys might be the champion.

Appearing to have come to a decision, Warnys nodded and became self absorbed once again.

"Of course. That is what I was aiming for from the start. Thank you Beethoven," he called him by the name, "I won't waste the chance you have given me."

Beethoven grinned and put his arm over the shorter man.

"That is the spirit!" Then he turned to glance at the tailor's workshop, a large well decorated building with mannequins showcasing the latest in high class fashion at the front. "We are here. Let's get your measurements and put in an order."

---

"I asked you to show me a bit of what you can do. Why did you lead me into this side alley?" Beethoven inquired, feeling a bit uneasy at slinking around like a rogue. The alley was full of dirt and the garbage collected, stinking up the place and making his want to retch.

"To show you just what you can do with Flight. You are going to regret you picked to be a Fire Elementalist after this."

"So? Why does it have to be here, I have plenty of room at my mansion." Warnys rolled his eyes at him and explained.

"My Flight spell is more advanced than the standard one. I can go up for thousands of meters. Also I brought you here just co I can cast Invisibility. Don't resist otherwise I will waste my aether."

Warnys disappeared, leaving him blinking in amazement. The spell was pretty well done, usually some distortions in the air should have been obvious.

"Now I will cast See Invisible on you. Don't resist." Beethoven felt something assaulting his mind and reflexively, he loosened the defenses on his being. The spell made his eyes tingle and rapidly blinking them to shake out the discomfort, the figure of Warnys came into sight in front of him, covered in an outline of invisible aetheric darkness.

"Now, I'll cast Invisibility on you." Beethoven let the spell pass through him and noticed that his body had become covered in eerie ethereal black flames, the same as Warnys.

"Now, Flight. It is the empowered version that lets me reach the clouds." Warnys flicked his finger at him and Beethoven felt the wind itself in his limbs. He focused on the sensation and found that he could instruct it to lift his body.

A grin came over his face and he greatly enjoyed the sensation of being able to flit like a fairy through the air. He zig zagged in the air, quickly getting his bearings and landed on the top of the nearby residence, glancing back at Warnys.

"This is amazing, come on!" He urged him, forgetting all about the boundary between the noble and a commoner. Warnys raised his hands like wings and flew upwards toward him.

"I can maintain the spells for an hour before I run out of juice. Let go eastward." He lead and Beethoven quickly followed him from behind, enjoying the sight as he looked down of the building below becoming smaller and smaller. As he flew upwards the people walking through the streets below became like dots and eventually completely disappeared from his sight.

In the distance as far as he could see stretched verdant forests and mountains to the side, the glorious light of the sun illuminating them in all of its majesty. Close to the city there were wheat fields that looked like flat brown surfaces from the height they were at and he could see roads leading outwards from the city in both directions like arteries maintaining the flow of goods through the realm.

As he rose, the winds brushing against his body became more intense and Beethoven realized that it was starting to get freezing. Despite the breathtaking sight, he was starting to consider going lower as the winds were starting to nip at his body like frost bite, seeping under his clothes and wrapping him in its unwelcome embrace.

Warnys took not of his distress. He flew next to him and handed him one the red jeweled rings he got from Beethoven as a gift. He put the other on his ring finger.

"Here, I forgot I had these." Grateful that he remembered, Beethoven immediately slipped the beryl ring on his finger and felt the chill receding, as the arcane magic inside the artifact spread throughout his body like the warm hearth ignited in his soul.

"That feels much better, I never realized how colder it would be at this altitude." Then he took note of the angle of the sun. "It will be three hours until lunch, so we can still keep flying or did you have anywhere you wanted to visit in particular. The clouds perhaps?" Even though the city of Galsanmour had become a tiny block in the distance behind them, the clouds were still quite a bit above them.

Warnys shook his head.

"I tried go up to the clouds once, but I started get faint. As you go further and further up, it becomes difficult to breathe. Ok, stop." Lifted by their aetheric powers, the two soared above the earth thousands of meters into the air. Beneath them, a flock of sparrows passed oblivious to their presence. It made him remember how as a child he once looked at the birds with envy, imagining how it would be to fly free through the sky and now away from civilized lands he got his answer.

As he looked onto the ocean of green, so far below him, for the first time in his life Beethoven regretted being a Fire Elementalist.

With satisfied smiles on their faces, they floated in the air for a while painted against the blue canvas, enjoying the sights and each other's company. After quarter of an hour, he felt Warnys tugging at his arm. He turned to him quizzically.

"My lord, do you trust me?" Warnys asked him, immediately making him seem suspicious. The sly grin on his face did not help either; it made him certain that he had something wicked in mind. But even so he was curious what that was...

"Sure. What do you have in mind?"

"When I first mastered this spell, I flew as high as I could until I lost consciousness. When I woke up I felt the wind rush against me and I saw the earth careening towards me. At first my senses left me and I panicked, but then I just let the fear pass through me and manage to cast Flight before I hit the ground." He explained and then his precious, conniving grin came back. Warnys flew next to him and grasped his hand with his own.

"Sometimes when I am bored, I fly up and then let myself plummet. How about it my dear Lord?" Warnys hammed it. Beethoven realized that he was asking him whether he would like it if he cancelled the Flight spell right here.

His reason, survival instinct and common sense was telling him no.

"Sure." Instead this came out of his mouth, his sense of adventure overpowering it. Almost immediately he felt the wind in his body leave him and slowly, but inexorably, they plunged like rocks towards the ground.

Wind blew against his body and his face felt like it was being peeled away by the forces running against him. As he watched the ground rapidly closing in on him, visions of what would happen should Warnys fail to get the spell right came to his mind and panic started rising within his chest.

"Ok, Warnys stop, stop, I change my mind!" He yelled over the din of the wind.

"Ahahahaha!" She shorter man's response was to laugh, not necessarily at his distress, but from how much he was enjoying the fall. He once more tried to get the lunatic to reconsider.

"Stop, Warnys, stop!!! Flight, flight!!!"

"Enjoy it!" Suddenly, as he realized that he was at the complete mercy of the forces arrayed against him, Beethoven felt ill. He fought back the fear, trying no to scream.

"Aaaaaaaaahhhh!!!" Warnys started to yell out and then something inside of him broke. Like his fear had a life of his own a scream ripped himself from his mouth.

"AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!" Beethoven yelled at the top of his lungs. The rotating forest below them rapidly closed in on them like the abyss waiting to devour them.

"AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!"

"AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!"

"AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!" At this point Beethoven had realized how absurd he was acting and a hundred meters from the ground, Warnys cast Flight on them again. The fall slowed as the wind became supportive.

Weakly, Beethoven wobbled down to the ground as Warnys laughed to the side leaning on the trunk of a tree.

"Hah...hah...hah..." Underneath the branches, Warnys ventilated himself like he had just gone through a ride from Hell.

"Ahahah, was it fun?" Well...he had to admit that it was kind off. It definitely was exhilarating!

"It was not so bad." He admitted. "I am going to have you teach me that Flight spell. Where did you get it, standard Flight only gets one up to a hundred meters."

"Somebody whispered a little secret to me." Warnys stated cryptically. "Well, now you know why I brought you all the way out here. If we did this over the city it would have caused an commotion." After a moment's thought he added. "Want to try it again?"

"Sure!" Beethoven responded eagerly, surprising even himself.

The two spend the next two hours blasting themselves through the air like two kids having fun.

Beethoven had lunch over at Warnys' home that day. Despite his minute size, he was surprised to see how much Warnys ate; it was nearly thrice than him! It dawned on Beethoven that Warnys had pushed himself beyond his usual limits today and coupled with his greatly increase food consumption, he guessed who his deity was - Sif Muna.

At that point, Beethoven decided that he wanted Warnys by his side, as his butler. If he could satisfy a God as strenuous and demanding as Sif Muna then Warnys was well worth sponsoring whether he won or lost.

The next day, Warnys' match started and awaited second rounds began.

---

A cheer went out throughout the arena.

"On the south side we have Denisa Rousard, an Ice Elementalist from advanced class 2-B! She hails westward from the village of Tieir where the local priest of Zin recommended her to the Galsanmour Academy! Personally sponsored by Lord Galsanmour, ever since she arrived here in our fair city, she has shone like a star rising ever upwards until she scored near the top of her grade!" Dressed in ornate blue robes, a girl luxurious mop of deeply dark hair did a curtsy for the crowd. The contrast between her humble demeanor and a confident smile on her face drove the fans wild.

"Definitely one of the favorites to win the tournament!" The announcer girl concluded.

"On the north side, we have the person who defeated Beethoven Galsanmour in the previous round, who in turn, in his infinite kindness and farsightedness decided to sponsor him - please give an applause for Warnys Endban!" From his seat, Beethoven could see the emblem of the Galsanmour family on his cloak, a variation on the Elyvilon's, the God of Healing, holy uprivix encased in a circle, inlaid in shinning golden embroidery.

The dark uniform and expensive leather shoes that Warnys now wore made good contrast with the holiness of his waist length cloak, were a lot better fit on his form that his previous rags and now he looked like a true adventuring mage. Two beryl rings glinted in the sunlight coming from his fingers and likewise, Denisa's robes were enhanced to resist lightning and on her hands were twin black opal rings that absorbed light from her surroundings and any hostile enchantment-type magic used against her.

"Possibly the biggest wild card of the tournament! Known as an Enchanter, he shocked both Beethoven Galsanmour, haha, and his teachers when he revealed his Air Elementalist powers! His grades and sword skill are not much going by his records, but maybe today he will show us whether he has some aces up his sleeve!" The crowd cheered for Warnys, slightly taking him aback with their fervor. Unsure of how he should respond he just swept his gaze across past the translucent rocks of the arena so it did not look he was neglecting them. His gaze settled on Beethoven's party and his gaze lingered on him for just a moment. Beethoven gave him an upwards nod, and he grinned in response confident enough to meet his hopes.

"Combatants are you ready? Three...two...one..." The gong sounded and Warnys leapt into motion. A blazing white beam of cold like a gale of icy inferno impacted his previous position, turning the ground where he passed into slippery ice and encasing the black steel gates behind him into white crystal. In mere seconds the temperature of the arena was lowered by thirty degrees from just that single attack and Warnys' breath started fogging.

As the glaciating blaze receded, Denise's twin tanzanite orbs burned amongst the wisps of cold and Warnys could see the solid determination impressed upon her soul.

Warnys could not help but admire the power wielded by his opponent, the sheer arcane fury contained in that single attack. Had he been capable of unleashing such destruction, he might not have had to become an enchanter, but he was determined not to lose to anyone.

While Denise was training safe in the Academy, he was in the real world, fighting against real monsters...

A memory flashed behind his eyes, of a time only a month ago and the scene changed to the fateful encounter in the Ogre Cavern, Denisa Rousard transforming into the frenzied ogre magus and the arena around him into the wide spaced open cavern illuminated sparsely by braziers and luminescent fungus on the ceiling...

---

Throughout the cavern dozens of corpses of grotesque giant humanoids lay cold in the darkness as the blood from the puncture wounds let loose a pool of deep red blood forming in the uneven gray rocky floor like tiny reservoirs.

"GRAAAHHH!" In darkness, a massive hulk swung his giant spike club at warping disturbance in front of it. Capable of turning an armoured man into mush the swing clobbered only air, and in the next moment the ogre gave a sound like bone stuck in his throat.

"Urk!" An invisible blade jutted out of its chest from behind, slick and dripping with ogre's blood. In the next instant Warnys withdrew it and disappeared, vanishing from sight in the darkness of cavern like a shadow.

Hearing its scream, two hulking guard dressed only in sheepskin rags and animal skins emerged, their thunderous footsteps loud enough to be heard all throughout the half a kilometer deep cavern.

Their eyes carefully scanned the perimeter, when one of them made a sound.

"Ack!" A blade pierced his heart and quickly withdrew, the invisible enchanter promptly disappearing into the shadows around them.

"AAAAGGGHHH!!!" Futilely, the other monster took a swing at where he perceived his foe was and missed widely. Then without a sound he too dropped dead next to his comrade.

Warnys went deeper and deeper, putting all the power he received from Sif Muna to the best use he could, to rid the surroundings around the city of monsters and to make it safe for the people living there. As he killed the wretches that were a plague on the surface of Endwarnys to humanity, no matter how much blood he spilled, he sensed that his father would have been proud of him if he could have seen as he was now.

Stealthily, as he emerged around the corner, he came upon the master of the cave, the chief of the tribe bearing flaming red painted skins of Vehumet. Warnys' tawny eyes and the fat ogre's tiny black ones met and jumping to attention, suddenly the ogre mage raised his arm towards him, and despite his invisibility that served him so well in the cavern the ogre mage saw him perfectly and sent a iron pillar towards his position as if it was fired from a cannon.

Nimbly evading to the side as the iron shot struck the solid hard rock besides him, impacting as far as a meter inside the rock and sending splinters all throughout the cavern and into his body. Warnys stilled his mounting fear and just as the ogre mage was conjuring a second shot in the air, the air around him exploded sending thick billowing smoke for all around.

The red skinned ogre hurled the iron shot that could have easily burst through solid steel doors, at random and was disappointed to hear it only strike rock. As the smoke gathered around him, utterly choking his vision except for a meter out, the ogre mage cautiously backed away, carefully scanning his perimeter as he did so.

To his right he heard a sound of a rock falling and just as his neck started craning to the right, Warnys' form streaked at him from the left with blade at the ready in one hand, his eyes blazing with an inner fire...

---

In an instant the whole Arena was covered in a billowing white smoke that choked off all vision and the onlookers in their seats could only see smoke inside.

Fear slowly creeping inside her, Denisa raised her hand and sent a blazing beam of cold towards Warnys' last position. It glaciated the smoke in its passage before striking only the translucent wall of the arena.

Realizing that she was in danger, Denisa's runed blue robes billowed behind her as she started sending beams of freezing ice all around her, blasting the arena with trails of vapor that were both larger and wider than her own form and strong enough to kill a minotaur in one blow, but always they were swallowed by the billowing smoke and she dearly regretted not knowing an Air spell to get rid of them.

Sensed a disturbance to her left as if something was emerging from the smoke, she spun on her heel and aimed her hand towards it and in the next moment it was over. A hand clamped over her mouth from behind and she sensed a knife trace a line around her throat, not harming her skin.

Her amulet gave a high pitched whine and Warnys let her go. Strong winds blew the smoke upwards and the spectators could all see Denisa Rousard kneeling on the floor with her face downcast and behind her, standing proudly and triumphantly was Warnys Endban. The emblem of the Galsanmour family on his cloak billowed dramatically into sky as the strong winds swept through the arena around him.

Like the rain, applause started falling onto him and inside of him he felt a deep satisfaction, like he had really changed in the last two years. Of to the side, he could see Beethoven clapping for him and carrying a genuine look of respect for his prowess.

"Winner - Warnys Endban!" The voice of the announcer girl finally came, echoing through the arena like a dream.

Beethoven prepared a feast for him that day.

---

Francesca Tyvaris, the noble woman of refined tastes and great manner, after an exciting day of cheering at the arena returned to the room of her mansion. Dressed in the finest silken robes that exquisitely curved around the supple contours of her body. Her skin was pert and beautiful and her face childlike. Her eyes were like twin precious apatites.

Exhaling tiredly, her tender lithe feet lazily carried her to her queen's sized bed and she bent over. With her arms crossed beneath, she slowly pulled the robes upwards and slipped them off her body with a swish of her waist long amethyst purple hair. Her bare breasts bounced a little before settling and walking across to her desk, she carefully looked around before fishing a key from the side of her bookcase and unlocked her desk drawer.

With a look of giddiness, she picked up the tome to her chest and ran back to her bed, jumping like a kid on its silken sheets a few times before snuggling up to her thick fluffy pillow. Eagerly, she opened her thick romance novel in the middle and started devouring the words within, completely immersing herself into the story, hungering like woman who had not eaten in a week!

And outside the window of her room, floating invisibly in the air were Warnys and Beethoven spying their object of interest, completely unnoticed by the people going on with their business around them.

As he watched Francesca's naked supple form except for her underwear, his lust became inflamed and he was afraid that steam might start coming out his nose at any moment. Peering at Warnys, judging by the blush on his cheek, he realized that he must have felt the same.

They watched her turn the pages for a while and then slowly Francesca's gentle hand started digging underneath her panties, her fingers prodding the unseen protuberances underneath! At the sight of the beautiful and kind maiden pleasuring herself, so unlike her frigid year younger sister Fredericka, Beethoven's own pants felt like they were going to burst.

Not being able to bear it any longer, he did as a proper gentleman should and dragged Warnys away by the scruff of his shirt.

"H-hey..." He whispered in protest as he was dragged away.

As they passed by the wall of the mansion, Beethoven's eye feel into the room next to Francesca's and on the desk, she could see Fredericka seated next to her desk, properly dressed in her mage's robes and wearing a pair of spectacles, burying her nose in a book. Unlike her sister who was reading literary porn in only her lower undergarments, she was studying serious subjects, seeking to eke out a gain while her classmates were having fun due to the festivities.

His eyes lingered on hers, and his mood became sullen, his previous lust vanishing in an instant. Warnys caught onto it and dragged him away into the sky.

"What is wrong?" He asked him a moment later after they were out of earshot. "You look like you swallowed a ball of needles. Is it Fredericka? I heard things about her and you..." He trailed off.

Beethoven thought of it for a moment and decided to explain what happened between him and Fredericka.

"It happened six months ago..." Both of them were soaring high above the city, as free and careless as the birds.

"Me and a few of my friends were going to visit the nearby city of Elvismour for a pilgrimage to the Ecumenical Temple. It was a long and tiring trip, but we were happy to make it, bringing with us a sizeable donation for the local priest of Zin who was well acquainted with my father. Along with us, as guard we brought along a few blademasters and graduate mages from the academy."

"One of the blademasters of Okawaru was Worel Tyvaris, Fredericka's father. I remember him being a tall striking man with a short, neatly trimmed beard and mustache. On that day he wearing a gleaming suit of plated armour as he led the procession from the front and on his hip was the enchanted blade Icwarith gifted to him by the Okawaru himself for his excellence in combat."

"Midway as we passed the forest path between our two cities, a hostile blast of steam billowed out from within the trees, clouding our view from sight and then streaking beams of fire, ice and lightning blasted out from the side. My windmare reared up and nearly threw me off the saddle, but thankfully I held on. Then to the side I could hear the roar of a dragon." Far in the sky, Beethoven shivered and not from the cold air.

"Before I could make sense of things coming at me with a spear in hand was green draconian, an evil lizardman whose reptile slitted eyes told me he had every intention of killing me. Fighting for my dear life, I raised my hand and sent a blazing bolt of fire into him, burning him to ashes, but from all sides I could hear them coming."

"Then the dragon itself came at me emerging like a dark towering figure from the fog. It was more than thrice my size, a solid wall of green, harder than steel scales and its teeth seemed like blades."

"As it rushed at me, I gathered all of my arcane might and sent it hurling at the beast, only slowing it down slightly, but enough to save my own life. Just as I thought the great beast would fall upon me, Warel flashed by from above and cut the great beast's head off at the neck."

"Fredericka father turned to me and yelled at me to run. He told me: What are you waiting for, boy, run! Take your friends and run!" Beethoven grimaced at the memory.

"There were me, Irwin and Galen along with five of the guards. I do not know how many enemies there were on that day. I turned to Irwin and Galen and screamed at them to run. They did not need much prompting because like me they too were scared for their life. We turned around and urged our scared windsteeds to flee as fast as they could."

"Just as we emerged from the fog, a bolt of thunder came from the behind and struck Galen. With a scream he tumbled off to the side while I and Irwin fled like cowards. We drove our horses that day until they nearly collapsed and even thought we rode for hours, the time passed in the blink of an eye by the time we returned to the city." Beethoven's knuckles turned white from how tightly he was squeezing them.

"Before I even knew it, I was back at the city, safe between its walls."

"Later on I learned that only myself and Irwin made it back safely. Fredericka's father and the rest of the guards, some of the city's most elite defenders did not make it."

"Fredericka did not take it well." Beethoven concluded the story morosely, feeling downcast at the outcome.

"I heard that you've been trying to make up with her, but it did not go too well."

"Yes. Before this incident me and her used to be close, but now she hates me, no even more, she despises me and blames me for her father's death."

"That is unreasonable, in that situation anyone would run." Warnys noted.

"I haven't told this to anyone before, but before we left on the trip I bragged to her that if any monsters showed up I would fry them with my fire magic or die trying." He raised his hands into the air like a braggart and then came back crestfallen. "I did it to reassure her after she told me not to go because she heard rumors of monsters attacking travelers in that region."

"And now you get flowers and chocolate thrown back in your face like a spurned lover." Warnys commented, a tad undiplomatically and grinned. Warnys placed a hand on his shoulder reassuringly. "My Lord, if I run into any draconians I swear I will give them a good stabbing in your name. They can't see invisible." His cheer was good natured and jubilant, so much that Beethoven could not help but grin in return.

"The dragons can however, what are you going to do about them?" Warnys' face froze as if something struck him.

"Uh..."

"Maybe you should learn some offensive spells." Beethoven suggested, sensing his inner turmoil.

"N-no, I actually can take care of dragons! They would just be more complicated than ordinary draconians."

"Yeah, sure." Beethoven agreed in monotone causing Warnys to blanch.

"You don't believe me! You really don't!" He exclaimed possibly feigning injury.

"Plenty of people can't beat dragons Warnys." Beethoven replied slightly taken aback by the vehemence of his opposition.

"Then I'll prove it to you that I can win by using attack spells. Who is my opponent tomorrow?"

"Roger Svilasni, an Earth Elementalist. Expect Iron Shots to be streaking your way and stay off the walls and the ground." Beethoven instructed him.

"Perfect. He is exactly the kind of opponent that would give me the least trouble." Warnys grinned.

"Don't get cocky. I'll have some protection rings ready just incase you do get hit. Also the reinforced version of your uniform is currently under preparation. I will have it ready by tomorrow."

---

In the arena, thunder and flame streaked across the podium as the two mages in blazing red robes, one of the a red haired man and the other a shorter violet haired slenderer man, streaked near the edges in a circles, their swift legs carrying them as if the were pushed by the wind in the direction of their choosing.

The red haired man evaded the lightning as it was hurled his way and the shorter mage blurred away from the fireball. The two attacks struck the translucent walls behind them, charring them black and eliciting a roar of excitement from the onlookers there as the explosions rocked them in their seats. The walls of the arena were charred black from the blazing battle.

Beads of sweat dripped down the two combatants' faces as the background blurred behind them, the constant strain of rapid movement pushing them to their limits. The match had gone on for unbearably long, almost five whole minutes and the two sensed that both were at their limits. Almost as if they were one of mind, they each dug into the floor with the heel of their boots and with a swish of their scarlet red robes raised their arms for one last final desperate attack.

"AAAAAHHH!!!" With a yell, the red haired man sent out a blazing bolt of fire that turned the ground into slag in its passage. On the other side, the shorter haired man sent out pure concentrated lightning, conjured into a ball. Streaming arcs of electricity crackled outwards across the walls and the ground from the force of its passage as the barely contained power sought release.

The two attacks impacted and with a blinding flash of light, an explosion erupted that rocked the arena.

"Wh-what a battle!" Iris, the announcer exclaimed as she surveyed the damage done below. A high pitched whine sounded from below. For a while, with bated breath the spectators waited for the smoke to clear.

When the dust parted, the forms of the two were revealed, both of them unconscious off the podium on the green grass below, leaning, laid against the wall with a pall cast over the their faces.

"A-a simultaneous KO!" Iris yelled out and the crowd rose to their feet, hollering in astonishment at the sheer carnage done below. In the middle of the arena, where the thick marble slabs used to be was a giant hole where the two massive attacks impacted one another. Only the Trinity's holy protection ensured that the two contestants did not annihilate each other.

"An amazing battle!" Iris echoed the sentiments, her magically amplified voice carried even over the deafening roar of the din. "Both contestants are out however! The next are Warnys Endban and Roger Svilasni!"

"Woo-woo-woo!!!" Next to Beethoven and Tyiphis, Hirelse got completely carried away and joined the crowd, shouting and raising her fists in a completely unladylike fashion. Beethoven and Tyiphis looked at the addled brained maid out of the corner of their eyes and smirked. Realizing that their gazes were upon her and that she has stepped over the line, a blush spread on her fair cheeks and with an "Eep!" she scuttled back to her seat, humbly trying to pretend that her actions never happened.

"Ladies and gentlemen, due to the damage suffered to the arena, we are going to have to postpone the next battle for 5-10 minutes while our Geomancers mend the damage and clear the walls for your viewing pleasure!"

---

"A pleasure to have you back! I hope you had time to visit the restrooms because the non-stop action that is Galsanmour Academy Tournament is soon to begin once more!" A cheer went out. Beethoven and his maids, Tyiphis and Hirelse seated themselves at the front.

"On the south side we have Roger Svilasni, a dashing warrior mage, whose barrage of conjured iron shots led him past his two opponents all the way here into the third round! Hailing from the quiet village of Unsisa to the north, he came to the academy to study at the age of ten and since then his excellence has mostly focused on the martial aspect! Known to be exceptionally skilled with the blade, so far he has not disappointed in the arts of conjuration that would have made Vehumet himself proud! A threat to any kind of opponent!" Roger, who was dressed in a piece of light mottled dragon scale mail, drew his enchanted thunder blade from his hip and did a swish theatrically, letting the thunder arc through the air as he did so. Compared to most of the mages his age, Roger looked like a true knight, mature, well toned and fit, broad shouldered and manly with a tan and dark red hair that fell to his waist as if had grown up way ahead of schedule.

And then the door to the other side opened and Warnys emerged, his physique paling in comparison, but well dressed in dark robes that had crimson protective runes shinning brightly along its surface. On his hands were twin rings of evasion with golden beryl stones inlaid into them. His whole form gleamed with a glossy sheen that proudly reflected the sun off its surface.

His hands clenched at his side, he determinedly locked gazes with his opponent.

"And on the north side we have Warnys Endban, the trickster air mage whose unexpected diverse mastery of the arcane brought his previous opponents to their knees! Born here in Galsanmour, he lost his father two years ago, and unbeknownst to his peers and mentors, contracted with Sif Muna! Under the God of knowledge's guidance, he pushed himself tirelessly for power, learning all that he could! His dedication was such that eschewed formal studies and withdrew himself from society, until now he could stand before us all. Will the Galsanmour's family sponsorship of him prove to be a boon? Today we will find out!" A cheer went out, a bit louder than the one last time. His continued victories have won Warnys over quite a few fans that otherwise would not have gave him a second thought.

On his cloak the emblem of the Galsanmour family waved proudly in the wind.

"Are you ready?" The din turned to silence. "Three...two...one..." A gong rang out loudly throughout the arena, and the two combatants sprang into motion.

An Iron Shot, a large iron spike flew towards Warnys' position, but it was absorbed almost immediately into the thick white clouds emanating from his form, and judging by the sound impacted the thick steel gates of the arena behind him, not doing him any harm.

His blade drawn Roger ran towards his previous position sending iron shots all around as striking only the translucent stone walls of the arena.

"Shit!" He cursed, realizing his predicament now that his opponent has vanished from sight. Expecting Warnys to strike from any position, he focused his senses to the finest possible point sensing for the finest perturbation that would reveal Warnys position, intending to skewer him with an iron shot as soon as he manifested himself.

"*hack cough cough*-!!!" The smoke felt unbearably uncomfortable and for a moment, he felt his vision wavering. His step nearly made him stumble for a moment.

And then...he collapsed on the cold white rock, realizing futilely that he was in a cloud of poison.

"Cheater..." He cursed futilely. In response his amulet turned red and gave a high pitched whine signifying his defeat to everyone in the arena. The compared to the last, the fight was embarrassingly brief and clean.

The cloud of poison lifted, revealing his prone form to all and he could see Warnys smirking at him in the air directly above him.

"You should have planned this one better. Charging head on is not the path to victory." Warnys rubbed it in, but Roger's was too weak to move his mouth.

"Winner - Warnys Endban!" The crowd rained applause on Warnys, appreciating his unchivalrous ways of battle for their finesse. As he was basking in the splendor of his victory, Iris Longvit made a surprise announcement.

"And I have just received news that Lord Galsanmour has returned from his nearly month long voyage, with a real beauty by his side and a long lost hero Lucius Rottirdin! That must have been a story to tell!"

"Lord Galsanmour?!"
"He is here!"
"You go and greet him, I'll tell you what happened here!" Warnys could hear snippets of conversation from the crowd around him.

As he enjoyed true glory for the first time in his life, beyond the gates of Galsanmour stepped forth Armatia Infinitas, the Black Sun, the transcendental horror summoned to the world of Endwarnys by Chiras Galsanmour. Behind her jade green eyes lay endless power and as the rising morning sun illuminated her figure, the sunlight gleamed of her immaculate skin, giving the people looking onto her a sense of wonder. Her beauty masked the bottomless determination and the inhuman ruthlessness lying in her soul.

Her actions touched the lives of others.

---

Warnys continued winning.

In the next round, he did not use cloud spell, instead he shattered the mind of his opponent and he hurled himself off the podium.

Galsana, Roderick and Chiras became Inspired.

In the fifth round, he conjured freezing clouds of vapor that choked the flames of life from his opponent.

Lucius and Toria became Inspired.

In the sixth round, his opponent convinced himself that Warnys did not know how to cast Invisibility. He wouldn't have been able to do much regardless.

Nascisa became one of the Inspired and felt proud about herself for the first time since she was born. Armatia would have hooked in Beethoven too on that day, but was too busy having fun with Chiras.

---

"As a test of free will, try to lift this cup." Armatia said to Beethoven in the library, waving at the perfectly ordinary cup in the family library. "If you can do this I promise I will leave you and your family forever alone. Your desire will not be sufficient to do it." She promised him, leaning languidly in her seat while Beethoven glared daggers at her.

---

"A winner, we have a winner, ladies and gentlemen - Warnys Endban! The first Enchanter to have won the tournament since the founding of the Academy! What a spectacular battle this has been!" As the crowd rained applause on him, no matter where he looked, with a feeling of consternation rising within him, he could not see Beethoven. He could not even imagine what Armatia was doing to him.

He did not feel like celebrating without him.

And when he returned to his room, as a reward for his efforts, Sif Muna granted him a tome, a new addition to his ever growing library of the arcane.

The book was titled, "Sif Muna's Secret Treatise on Pain, Agony and Soul Modification."

---

Roarcliff Mountains, near the entrance to the Underworld...

From the deep glom, hurriedly riding from within, griping his reins far too tightly with a look of doom approaching on his face, a lone sentry dressed in light leather armour arrived at the barricade gates and screamed at the top of his lungs.

"They are coming! Raise the alarm!" Immediately, the gates opened to let him inside and hurriedly the rider galloped inside.

On the barricade walls, behind the battlements, the defenders waited with bated breath, in grim silence, holding their weapons steadfastly pointed at the darkness.

For a while nothing happened and then a slow steadily increasing rumble could be heard from inside the cavern. On the floor of the cavern below them, tiny pebbles started shivering as if an earthquake was occurring and then the lights of torches, the tiny wisps of doom in the distance became visible.

"WAAAAGHH!!!" Wielding axes and spears, the orcish brigade emerged into the light. From above, flame and lightning, bolts and arrows started streaking towards their position, but they did not stop. Despite how many of their comrades were struck down, like an unstoppable tsunami of flesh, they crashed into the barricade, desiring nothing more than to drown the unbelievers in a sea of their own blood in the honor of their dark God Beogh.

The blasted through the one of the most heavily guarded places in the whole realm, killing everyone who manned the barricade, and left only trampled, cut and skewered corpses in their passage, emerging into the light of the sun they sought for so long.

The Order of the Dragon did not even have to lift a claw to help them. The long life in the hostile, vicious Underworld made the hardy and strong.

It was time to take what was rightfully theirs!

Across the Overworld, dozens of simultaneous attacks were occurring at the Entrances. By the time the humans would notice, it would be far too late for them to act.


And in the depths of the Underworld, guarded by celestial monstrosities that no mortal could come close to matching, the Orb of Endwarnys waited.
